left.context	keyword	right.context	annotator	annotator2
terraces, themed garden rooms, winding paths, and spectacular vistas. '' A	really good	garden doesn't have huge splashes of flowers or one big view, but	1	1
growth in exports and a 15. 1 percent rise in imports, were ''	really bad	news. '' The United States, he said, is in danger of moving	1	1
read. I'm sure you've seen this yourself. Haven't you known	really good	, hardworking people who end up with very little? Haven't you met	1	1
in reference to all other trades and professions? It is a fact, that	really good	domestic service must continue to increase in value, just in proportion as this	1	1
be human just like everybody else. Now,' I says, I looked	real good	and hard at myself this mornin' in the mirror, an' if	0	0
// Lawyers think the same way. They'll say, '' That's a	really good	brief. '' Never mind that the brief was equally effective for the client	1	1
can, and the ablest underwriter is the man who tells the closest. A	really good	underwriter should know the hazards of all the ordinary risks in the world,	1	1
put so much stock in almost worthless unless you stick around.  #  The	really bad	news, though, may be that your company has incentives to see that you	1	1
? Who said anything about grain alcohol? '' '' You can't have a	really good	party without it. Not the kind of party I'm talking about.	1	
But I picked it because I like John Sheely's food. It's got	really good	, robust flavors. ''  #  Matt Maroni was too nervous to eat on	1	
everyone should write their own reviews, '' Sirius continued. '' I'm also	really good	at interviewing myself. ''  #  And Mu: '' I interviewed myself in	0	0
's over now, and tomorrow we shall go out in the country for a	real good	time. '' N THE morrow we arrived at Combermere Abbey, a tremendous	1	1
let you have a little taste of lasses after it, if you take it	real good	, '' ventured Caleb. '' No, he won't have any lasses	0	0
'' The disadvantage, of course, is that when you're having a	really bad	day, you just can't stand that person. It may have nothing to	1	1
his remarks. '' Who would'a believe it? Poh people, dey is	really bad	off, '' and she hurried to Mrs. Wentworth's side. Mrs. Wentworth had	0	0
could not appreciate Good, if Evil were not; and as he can be	really good	only when he has become acquainted with the contrary, so the Light does	0	0
seventeen, went to Philadelphia, where a few years later he established the first	really good	newspaper in America - the Pennsylvania Gazette. When our Revolution began, a	1	1
no other answer than that look of irony again. Maxim had the trick of	really good	fortune-tellers and palmists, of putting things so generally and so dramatically that what	1	1
LISABETTE I mean, what if it were really good? Really. Really,	really good	. Could we? You're good. You're both good. We	0	0
am not falsely modest on any level, and I'm sure we do a	really good	job, but he gave us the fastest car in the race. ''	1	1
announced as he took off his headset. '' I said no. '' ''	Real good	, sir, '' Smith observed. At least Air Force officers weren't	0	
the world for him. I would give him to you. He's a	really good	dog, pure bred and all.... The truth is he	1	
to have been a KGB agent, worked for the KGB because they were a	really good	spy operation, '' said Cpl. Michael Lavato, who served with Lonetree	1	
the set: '' It was hysterically funny. Johnny said that it was a	really good	rumor, and what we should really be saying is that he and I	1	
Here's my story: Castleman needed only experience tinder fire to make him a	really good	Pitcher. I let him start games and, When the opposition began to	1	
My dear, if Lossing has the right stuff in him and he is a	real good	fellow, I shan't make you go into a decline by objecting;	1	
. She's in the hospital. She's got cancer. That's	real bad	luck, son, the old driver said and took a sip from his mason	1	
drizzle freezing as it hits the surfaces -- and it will continue to be	real bad	in the morning, '' said Bob Corbett, a meteorologist with the National Weather	0	
clings to you even here. Not that it's going to do me any	real good	in the long run. Sure, I've got a face and I	NA	
listen, for here is a man who knows. // With nothing but a	real good	fast ball, one that breaks and jumps and moves all over the place	1	
) '' Silencio en la noche '' You still feel good. You still feel	real good	. My old lady. Everybody asks me about my old lady who do	0	
rest, I missed her lots, and I said so. '' You were	real good	to her, Mother Peavy,' I said. I often think how	0	
. There has been a respite from mosquitoes, and I am having a ''	real good	time. '' But I had a great fright yesterday (part of the	1	
around campus. If it gets out there, it's going to be	real bad	. I can't do it. ''  #  One might call this discretion ladylike	0	
fried bread. She had decided to save the sheep fat until things got	really bad	. IV Lila D., a thin, drawn housewife of thirty-three. buys her family	0	
some thought the experiment goofy, some thought it just goo, some thought it	really good	. None could deny it was full to the lips with life.  #	0	
Yes, sir. '' '' Have you already written something? '' '' Nothing	really good	. No, sir. '' '' You are first finishing your studies,	1	
good! Good for you! CATHERINE FERREBY Robert felt TIANNA BOSUN That's a	real good	start, but we were wonderin' if you'd got the neighbors together	1	
was open the door and grab.  #  '' Maybe, if it's a	real good	breakfast, I'll open the door, '' Harley said. '' I	1	
was haunted. He was probably very bad for her. Maybe she was	really bad	for him. Morgan was confused enough as it was without some kind of love	0	
had no good times before? '' '' No. This is about the first	really good	time I ever had in all my life. You see, you ca	1	
well logs from Casper. That was my department. '' Okay, this is	really good	, '' Ortega said, turning the unmarked car north onto Federal Boulevard.	0	
Melanctha, and it's that what I mean when I am saying about being	really good	. It ain't Miss Melanctha to be pious and not liking every kind	0	
take Sanch along? He doesn't like to be left, and felt	real bad	because I shut him up, for fear he'd follow and come walkin'	0	
I don't. I s'pose it's because when pa's good he's	real good	, and so kind it makes it hurt all the more when he's	0	
you much where you come from. You can sew real good, you talks	real good	and you cook, but ain't nobody teach you to button your lip	0	
retention of body fat, doctors say. '' More estrogen allows us to do	really good	things like keep the world going by having babies, '' says Gayle McCray	1	
mile a minute. &nbsp; DOROTHEA (CONT'D) I have good news --	really good	news. Arnold got a call from his friend Wally Scheur who heard about	1	
must have looked like before they shipped him home, and I start having	real bad	t'oughts. '' Bout scoring a li'l bit of rock, maybe, not much	1	
yes. They was two sax, two bass, one mortician and a	real bad	mental went down in an armed robbery at the Cut-Rate, corner of Marshall and	1	
immutability implies, that he grieves, or voluntarily suffers, whenever the condition or	real good	of his creatures, calls for grief or redemptive suffering; just as immutability	NA	
are to be the best of friends, '' she said. Peter got a	really good	look down into those eyes as they shook hands. The moment this matter	1	
the kind of thing they des? perately lack: concrete examples of what a	really good	job of teaching might look like. There is a big differ? ence	1	1
''  #  '' Good, isn't it? '' Dale asked.  #  ''	Real good	, '' Heather said, smiling at all of them. '' I like	0	0
'' So they all said it was a blessing, but I couldn't listen	real good	at the time. Part of it was I was thinking, If it	0	0
'd had a few harsh turn-downs in high school, when he'd had	really bad	skin, and before he'd discovered that pot and a ponytail could reliably attract	1	1
'' he said. '' It's very good. ''  #  '' Dinner's	really good	, '' I told her. But I was actually watching Davis, who	0	0
how soon? -- when Cambridge shall at last be able to boast of a	really good	hotel, '' in a central and very desirable situation, commanding a delightful	1	1
n't it just a couple of weeks ago that she'd had a couple of	really good	tip nights and had come home and paid a bunch of bills? When	1	1
realized he wasn't in any pain. He felt good, in fact.	Real good	. Like he could fly. Odd, though, he didn't have	0	0
, '' Mama. '' I was using the voice that says you're being	real good	and not fishing for chickens. Mama said, '' You better not be	0	0
no waiter girl in a concert saloon is virtuous, nor was there ever a	really good	girl engaged in any such saloon. They are there to be bought by	1	1
be interesting to see how that holds up. BILLS The quarterback situation is not	real good	. J.P. Losman has all the skills in the world. It just	0	0
partly ripe, for even the best tunas must ripen on the plant to be	really good	and sweet. Of all the cacti the most useful and important is the	0	0
'' Jackson recalls. '' And every drugstore had a fountain where you could get	real good	stuff. ''  #  '' Not that stuff we have today, '' Simione	1	
of the stairs as we came through the foyer. '' He'll do a	real good	job, '' she called down to us.  #  Out on the porch	1	
, '' said Philip, shifting his ground again, '' but what is the	real good	of all these botanical names and classifications? '' Miss McDonald gave a weary	NA	
him, '' replied the boy, '' nor you either. Bob's a	real good	fellow! '' '' Why Jack, '' cried Lydia, '' how can	1	
in the off-season, somewhere around here, like Compton. He's got a	real good	off-season business designing women's clothes, they tell me. Some people say	1	
good feelin' in the mornin', It make me feel like tellin'	real good	-- I ain't talk'm' bout a lie, But you know	0	
simmering is incomparably the best. It may be remarked, however, that a	really good	soup can never be made but in a well-closed vessel, although, perhaps	1	
dearest ingredient in every earthly good, without which, indeed, there is no	real good	, - if we, whose hearts may yet throb without degrading fears,	NA	
are the pretexts. The pretexts are always found in some specious appearance of a	real good	. You would not secure men from tyranny and sedition, by rooting out	NA	
's Reward, then he's got to be good. Not only good but	real good	. '' // Silky is going to get just that opportunity. His next	0	
wallet. And Lola, if I can brag for a minute, is a	really good	baby. She sleeps through the night, she doesn't fuss. We	1	
bought a magic kit, and practiced simple conjurations and transformations. He wasn't	really good	at them, but no other boy his age even attempted genuine magic;	0	
take a chance in this kind of work, but it's never been	really bad	for me. On the worst day I make at least twelve pesos (one	0	
, Sweety, be quiet! No, Mr. Curtis; I only go into	real good	society, and I've always heard that New York ladies ain't what	1	
no complaining from her, and just never saying nothing with it. You be	real good	to her Sam, now you hear me, now you and me is	0	0
as the school-boys find out where the ripe apples and pears are. Produce anything	really good	, and an intelligent editor will jump at it. Don't flatter yourself	1	0
rocks being thrown you better lie down, men. If it should git	real bad	, fire a couple of rounds over their heads. A stone lofts through the	0	0
of humor and there is no earthly reason why Senator Borah should not have a	really good	time...  #  '' At the same time we are sure that	1	1
I want it, '' Wally yelled quickly. '' I'm hurtin'	real bad	. Like, you know, something's inside eating out. Where the hell	0	0
his belt, all the way down, he realized now it was a	real bad	thing he had done. '' Could sleep by station howz? '' He wriggled	1	
Tell you what, we could a had a good life together, a fuckin	real good	life. You wouldn't do it, Ennis, so what we got	1	
our anniversary an' I thought we ought to go out an' have a	real good	dinner an' - - - an' another thing. &nbsp; SUSANWhat? &nbsp; BILLI	1	
you did with the data or you're gon na get your ass hurt	real bad	, '' he said quietly. '' Don't point the gun at me;	0	
'' '' It always looks like this. I go to this woman who's	really good	and very professional, and she works and works at it and sprays and	0	
? '' here's a penny for you. Any day you've been	really bad	come to me and I'll give you another. Never mind your mother.	0	
have a mistress who was staying out of sight, he must want her	real bad	by now. A few minutes passed and then the door of the apartment building	0	
leave, but then turned to Hollis. '' Hey, I got about 20	really good	nose rings. Trade' em to you for that box. ''  #	1	
you, '' he said. '' Twelve five. '' They wanted it	real bad	if they came up that quickly. At first, I shook my head,	0	
? '' My father looked at him, then picked me up. I fit	real good	in the crook of his arm. His voice was emotionless. '' She	0	
in decent condition, Mr. SCHIEREN would have been nominated. Had it been in	really good	condition, a flitch stronger man would have been named. The best it	1	
should allow you to get into such habits.' That made me feel	real bad	, and I told him, mighty quick, that you was the last man	0	
. KAREN Is it curable? CANDY I'm not sure. ROBIN This is	really good	stuff. JOEY This place is like a time warp. CANDY Just what	1	
You are a real nice girl, and you'll be sure to get a	real good	husband. Don't you let nobody fool you. You're all right	1	1
, '' Some of it human rights information upset me and sometimes I felt	really bad	. One video we watched about AIDS, I felt really bad and I started	0	0
a saint, now I think about it. All us kids think she was	real good	. I wish I hadn't given her so much trou-ble -- '' ''	0	0
couldn't replace Sheryl, '' she says ruefully. '' '' There's nothing	real good	I can say about her graduating. ''  #  Sharp is 40, and	1	0
boys that will slap some paint on it for cheap, and it will look	real good	. '' Krasker finally let himself be convinced. '' All right, let	0	
seconds.  #  All of a sudden, Billy needed to go pee,	real bad	.  #  Lightning struck the oak tree down by the fence. Thunder boomed so	0	
of the transitions through which we may have to pass in our progress to a	really good	representative system), that the barriers which restrict the suffrage might be entirely	1	
Page, '' all sensations, and two or three others that weren't	really bad	. He wasn't only the producer of these but had his finger deep in	0	
'' There's someone here to see you. '' '' I don't feel	real good	. '' '' But he's got something for you. '' '' I	0	
, with lotsa mayonnaise, mustard, pickle, ketchup. '' '' Hamburger sounds	real good	to me, '' somebody else said. The delegation voted as a bloc	0	
that careless. Well, they laughed; thought I'd hit Miz Lady off	real good	. She did know the difference between black and white; I give her	0	
passes for nutritional advice these days, I can't help being enthusiastic when a	really good	guide based on solid research shows up in bookstores. And when the subject	1	
Sergeants (adapted by Ira Levin from the novel by Mac Hyman) offers a	really good	evening of simple-minded fun. Less a play than an episodic romp, it	1	
But his ma says she'd like you to have' em. They was	real good	cloth in the beginnin'. ELLSWORTH Fingering the garments, turns quickly to	1	
'' The rhomboids, those muscles located, between your shoulder blades, get a	really good	workout, '' says Bonnie Nye, medical director for the Sports Medicine and	1	
'' Okay. He said,' Little lady, that lake's a	real bad	place, so don't you ever forget you're a grown woman and got	1	
sets nearabout that there tree. That was a good one, I thought,	really good	, a sawmill by a tree. But then I looked up and over	0	
, and for the next five minutes indulges in the exclusively feminine luxury of a	real good	cry. * * * * * After that Mrs. Charles Stuart's recovery	1	
that chilled the blood in my veins. '' The corned beef hash here is	real good	, '' he said, drawing out the vowels. I shuddered. Ordered	0	
, an' throw rocks over the river. An' yer gon na spit	real good	. Even better'n me. NEVA Emmaline got blue eyes with long lashes.	0	
nobody know more'n I do about nothin', when my pipe's drawin'	real good	an' nobody's thornin' me to go to work, '' replied	0	
the office to send a cook of some description that very day. Now a	really good	servant could not be easily induced to go to Mrs. Harley's, because	1	
their country, whatever they may pretend; and, tho' their actings bring	real good	to their country, yet men primarily considered that their own and their country	NA	
can make it bad for yourself, and right now I'm making it	real bad	for myself. ''  #  The beer is one thing that makes it bad,	0	
hurrying past the building. Not one of them was in the market for a	really good	deal on a loving companion. Bob thought about those people, involved,	1	
all worked, and only dranked on weekends. They? d get goin?	real good	on Friday and still be goin? on a Sunday. Of course,	0	
, exhibit a larger proportion of cash than they do afterwards. At first the	really good	and responsible men feel a delicacy in asking to be credited. They wait	1	
run for their money, and Jake was proud because he was showing Bowers a	real good	time. The peak of tension and chagrin occurred when, standing together but	1	
nonserious casualties, sir, and you got type A, which they need	real bad	, on account of the new casualties. '' '' Why? '' Stuart croaked	0	
is one of the most interesting efforts ever made to give the British workman a	really good	and cheap house. The streets are straight and wide, macadamized throughout //	1	
do, to get himself free of them. He wants the power,	real bad	. I think he'd kill to get it. '' She shook her head	0	
the rain was worse than usual. So I wasn't able to get a	really good	view of the group of men emerging from the HQ Quonset, including the	1	
. He went on to say that another parson not far off was '' a	real good	preacher, and was a grammarian | by the big words he used.	1	
and the Captain was so pleased he could hardly rest. It was the first	real good	one he'd got off this trip, according to one of the gamblers	1	
my sex muscles into tiny steel pins your presence causes me.I think you're a	real good	person and I wouldn't shoot anyone else, I only shot you cause	1	
can't be so praiseful a monument to the memory of a parent as a	real good	child. I never mind this rhodomontade upon tomb-stones any more than so much	1	
needed -- just somebody to set' em thinking about the other side. You're a	real good	speaker; seems to me you ought to study to be a preacher.	1	
have been all along; we feel that a man, if he were	really bad	, could not have known such a good story as we have heard some one	0	
, whew! Nice rooms, real nice, with drinks and girls, and	real good	players, too. Now, the last time I was there, this	1	
a couple of folks. Let me just send Andy over. He'll take	real good	care of you. You all have a good time, now, ''	1	
is more of a non-issue than it is to others involved. I'm not	real good	in handling carryovers year to year. You can't even talk about defending	0	
'' Dove rolled up his eyes like a doll's. '' I can dig	real good	for I'm bedcord strong -- what do I have to dig? ''	0	
give in to your ire, and respond with your own flame. It feels	really good	. For a while. Then the paranoia creeps in. What if he	0	
so I got the pan and come on in. Somethin had scared her	real bad	but she couldn't tell me what all it was. After a while all	0	
more syrup)' Cause I'm gon na sock it to yo' biscuit	real good	one time! (Jack pounds his typewriter one time, while father simultaneously	0	
is a resurgence of interest in the value of the classical, traditional pieces --	really good	mid-18th-century pieces. For example, we recently sold a great pair of open-armed	1	
nobody causing him a lick of trouble, White man and Red man getting along	real good	, now he goes around taking Whites captive and torturingthem and -- '' Ta-Kumsaw	0	
skimming across the water in a bathing suit. '' I bet you did it	real good	, '' I said.  #  '' No, she didn't, ''	0	
a greater degree than I claim to do, - the patriotism which desires the	real good	of our country as distinguished from the hollow gratification of her vanity. It	NA	
true poetry, one need not be technically a poet; and to recognize a	really good	picture or piece of sculpture, one need not be an artist. Mr.	1	
the work of the devil. Johnny once told him that when kids were	really bad	in Sunday School, they were shut up in the crypt with the Curse Stone	0	
she get on my tits. ROBBIE She's a friend of mine. A	really good	friend. SHELLY I'm trying, Rob, I really am. But	1	
the one she's been talking about so much, that Miss Zillinger made;	really good	for Eastlake. What was that man's name who was in the navy	0	
Now I can not say that Hannay, the wife of Tyope, is	really bad	; she is not nearly as bad as he, but then Hannay is silly	0	
souls from every one -- even from God, I suppose. Well, you had been	really good	to me; and you were my ideal: the ideal of my best	0	
a long paper he wrote on Charles James Fox. Not good, not	really bad	-- just undistinguished. That was typical of all his work. '' '' Yes	0	
Tucker For two, or three? Lily. Lily Davis If you're a	real good	, good boy, for three. (Exit Jenny, l 2.	1	
a hotel, but I guess it's been company or something. They were	real good	friends at school. '' Mr. King laughed. '' Oh, Mrs. Benson	1	
ran a hand over his rough beard.  #  '' If we think of something	really good	to do with it, '' she said, '' then it won't	1	
the chills stopped. That could take a while. This had been a	really bad	experience, and it had caught her totally off guard. It was her own	1	
it a distinct expression of pride, so that she whispered: '' Pa's	real good	. '' '' Beard needs trimmin', '' Sarah hissed back. There	0	
draft hey girl so here it is i made some changes but it's looking	really good	, maybe tweak the dog a little more and then it'll be perfect	0	
then, Sid, if you won't stay. And say, it was	real good	of you to come and fetch us in the rig. '' '' Oh	0	
to the street, shooting dope and sharing needles. '' I had a	real bad	attitude, '' said Mr. Ronan, who suffers from AIDS-related complex, which is	1	
places with such variety of land, there was a couple of hundred acres of	real good	stuff that could be irrigated. Jed said yes, but it might as	1	
pitch of her voice climbed with her rising panic. '' I know you're	really good	, with all those industry awards. You've been in high tech almost	0	
a swift kick when she needed it. '' I think it would be a	really good	idea. '' He reached for her. Out of nowhere a circular something	1	
here is let's get in practice. See, my hip's healin'	real good	an' I'm thinkin' I could ask Big 8 could I have	0	
, to make thinks look awkward. '' '' But we could use a	real bad	blunder to start off, '' Atropos concluded. She seemed to have a ready	1	
thing, doing something is helping out. The blight in the neighborhood is	really bad	. That is my main thing.'  #  Robert' Bob' J. Johnson	0	
detail, only two colors (dark gray and light blue), but a	really good	likeness. My dark hair, cut in a short pageboy; my lips	1	
out your farlie and destroy it first. If it could be found.	Really bad	people became adept at hiding their farlies. Inevitably, people who were really good	1	
extended notice the New York Sun says: '' To readers who care for a	really good	detective story' The Circular Staircase' can be recommended without reservation. ''	1	
about this possibility. And figured that if it was MS and it got	really bad	, well, I could always pay for your medicines by renting you out as	0	
that he never talked, was killed outright. But with the other something	really bad	happened for the first time in the day. At first they thought the second	1	
git his visit out. I want him to stay long enough to hev a	real good	change. (The outer door is heard -- opened and slammed.)	1	
one of my books and I was only half through it. It was a	real good	book, named' The Bridal Corpse, or Montregor's Curse,'	1	
. Singlinson, the sweet-voiced boy, whose face was always washed and who was	real good	, and who was never rude -- he is in the penitentiary for putting	0	
. Mother thinks I am doing better, I know. Mother and I have	real good	talks together, like we never used to before, and she tells me	1	
said he would have to consider, amongst other things, whether cowardice is	really bad	. But the moderate Humean will say he only // has to consider whether he	0	
cents and tasted amazingly good. When you get good fast food it can be	really good	.)  #  My flight was almost empty in premium. I sat with	0	
'' '' And these men started getting sick? '' | '' Yeah.	Real bad	side effect. '' He gave her a twisted, mean grin. '' Death	1	
calling the police. &nbsp; ROBERTAGo right ahead, call them. That'll look	real good	on the eleven o'clock news. A beat and he exits. Roberta takes	0	
ready? '' '' Yup! '' '' You passed the wind test and did	real good	on the balance test but now we got ta see if you ready to	0	
? Holly: Exactly. They can also submit personal ads. But we're	really good	at making matches. Mads: Especially Holly. Mary: And what was	0	
' over each other for the chance. But I had to know my man	real good	. How he gon na behave, because I needed a drunk with a	0	
a lover. More valuable. In the long run take a friend, a	really good	friend, any day. Maybe it would be like spirits and shit,	1	
'm Wonder Woman or an angel, '' she says. '' But I feel	really good	about what I am doing. This baby will bring a lot of joy	0	
their performance was very indifferent. It was rarely that one heard anything approaching to	really good	amateur music, in this country, fifteen years ago, at the date	1	
are my horses are a lot better. So maybe he's only got one	real good	--  -- chance to win, and he sure don't want to have	1	
attempts. When we've gotten in the red zone, we've been either	real good	at scoring touchdowns or real bad by committing turnovers. ''  #  Fisher among	0	
quickly too. The '' square '' PR attitude seems to be that a	really bad	story, like a case of industrial irradiation, the drowning of small boys in	1	
to breathe and real hot and I dropped the rabbits cause my hands hurt	real bad	and then the rabbits caught on fire too. I started crying only nothing came	0	
for the very delight of the process? that fascinatingly interesting process in which every	really good	housekeeper honestly revels. But conditions of the '' old days '' are gone	1	
assembly; but when there are three parties a satisfactory choice is impossible. A	really good	selection is a selection by a large majority which trusts those it chooses,	1	
out. '' That's gon na be sore for a while but the	real bad	pain will stop very soon. It's nothing serious. '' '' I guess	1	
explain to the Fergusons and fix everything. He will. '' '' You're	real good	, Tilly. '' '' And while you're gone I guess it will	0	
beaten track. But if you need bright lights and casino tables to have a	really good	time, youre reading the wrong magazine. Along with providing plenty of creature	1	
, pitching the ball like this is fun. '' Yup. You have a	real good	arm. '' That's Yolanda again. I smile. Then I think	1	
--  82 -- &nbsp; GENE WATSONDo you think she believed me? &nbsp; IRENEYou did	real good	. He's not convinced. Section Details INT. ROOM 2505, DAY	0	
says. '' Rather than spending $200, it's more like $35-$40 for a	really good	bottle. ''  #  Trevsio chef Bonner Cameron spent months planning for the ''	1	
on her face, said with the utmost earnestness: '' Why, He was	real good	, wasn't He? '' '' Yes, '' said Agnes, ''	0	
alarm of the solvent merchants and bankers will be stayed. But if securities,	really good	and usually convertible, are refused by the Bank, the alarm will not	0	
Lena. '' These were really bad days for poor Lena. Herman always was	real good	to her and now he even sometimes tried to stop his mother from scolding	0	
'd like to have your family live better. Helen'd ought to hev a	real good	syminerry eddication -- she's worth it, she's a bright han'some girl	1	
even the Jewish Sabbath was to be determined by human uses; that whatever was	really good	for man might be done on that day. It is not necessary to	0	
all have a love of the outdoors, wing shooting and dogs. Invariably one	really good	dog got them started. It's hard work -- they got into the	1	
five surviving tanks. One had both radios broken. '' You did good,	real good	. '' '' How'd the Germans make out? '' Mackall asked his	0	
n't give a shit. I used to want to nail that Pye kid	real bad	. I went from that to figuring he'd slip up one of these days	0	
? ''  #  The cook said, '' Yes, sir, the steaks are	real good	. '' He rang the bell again, smiling vaguely at nothing.  #	0	
to the painful contrast of all other parts of the dress. A woman of	real good	taste and discretion, will strive to maintain a relative consistency between all departments	1	
coupons, which can be just as good. How much does a bottle of	really good	vodka cost you? Thirteen rubles? With tourist coupons I can get that	1	
. But, as troubling as it is for theorists, is the decline	really bad	news on its own? Clearly, the teenagers of 2004 are generally not heads	1	
name of his younger brother? Did it not look, in fact,	real bad	in almost every way? Were his parents not confirming, through their screaming,	0	
rule: use them, as far as given, with gratitude for what is	really good	in them, and with a desire to promote God's glory by means	0	0
and knocking in 78 runs. '' His work habits on the field weren't	real good	the first third of the season, '' says his Lynchburg manager, Gene	0	0
British Government, have prohibited it among their subjects. This was a measure of	real good	. You see girls now at play in villages, where the face of	NA	NA
She paused, then added with a delicious shiver: '' But the band's	real good	. '' Alpha Omicron Pi, on the other hand, represents a bold	0	0
says, '' Bet the boy's bed, buddy. '' Now he goes	real good	for a while, but then he gets to the seven, and it	0	0
list of ships behind us. They want us in before the kif just	real bad	, don't they? '' No one answered. '' Run that schedule,	0	0
' Well we've got to look after him. If he gets in	really bad	thapc, Mr Davis ought to take the fish or you take him.'	1	
'' It's got ta be really good. And it's hard to be	really good	. I mean, we made a coupla good moves when we were 23	0	
that I had their vast knowledge, so that I could select one or two	really good	stocks and invest heavily in them, rather than putter about with the dull	1	
some major eyes on him. And they all adore him. So that's	really good	. '' Asked how she responds to those who say that she and Dupri	0	
not driven. '' I spoke up fair and square. '' Fortunes have been	real good	to us, and -- and you were the one that sent us there	0	
long as I could forget about white worms crawling through cactus plants, they were	really good	. The old driver came out and lovingly and deliberately removed the bit from the	0	
his say-so. Maybe he never spoke a word. But he doesn't lie	real good	. He never did. '' '' Not to us. '' '' He	0	
80 acres of Ohio potato and corn fields up for rent. '' It's	real good	land, '' Joe said as they surveyed the rolling countryside in the fresh	1	
; he smiled at him, thinking that it was true. He had a	really good	heart. '' You like to live down here, don't you?	1	
at the various parts of WEEMS. Silence. LIEUTENANT CUTLER Looking good. Looking	real good	. All balls. Lights fade on battlefield. p. 90 Act 2, Scene	0	
first ear and then shoot him twice to distracthim while you get away. A	real good	riverboy. But it made Hooch a little nervy to think what Fink might	1	
of his ribs, gave him a pretty nifty concussion, tore up the school	real good	, and, let's see, what else? Oh, yeah.	0	
the abundance of heavy and inharmonious designs to appreciate the merits of this; anything	really good	seems so simple and so a matter of course to the unpractised observer.	1	0
all you got to do is squeeze her off. '' '' I'll take	real good	care of it! '' The boy was dazzled and awed to be addressed	1	
Fageros's, in the hollow there, and I don't believe it's	real good	. Figuring to dig my own well this fall. '' One scarlet word	0	
won the state championship, my mom was impressed. Benenate: I remember a	really good	practice recently that made me proud to be a bicycle coach. You guys	1	
Money, what else. JOEY Oh yeah, money. I think this is	really good	stuff. PEGGY They're drunker than we thought they were. FRED Hey	1	
'' They had a sniper up there, '' says Meredith. '' He was	real good	. ''  #  Shaking his head at the '' most bizarre day of my	0	
? And even if that was a lie, it was going to look	real bad	that Ta-Kumsaw finally did end up with the captives, and then up and took	0	
, he's around. He's a bad one, boy, a	real bad	one. Ik's become a sort of leader for a small group of thugs	1	
things, but I won't say we can't use them. It was	real good	of you to come, and I'm glad you brought Jo Kelly.	0	
cracked some ribs, but he had never killed anyone. He never had a	real good	incentive to do so. Not even rage could bring Jacob to actually shoot	1	
is not just a passing thing. Now when you put aside all the	really bad	moviesJapanese women don't follow ten paces behind anymore. No, they make you	1	
. It hurts knowing I'm not going to go out so much as looking	real good	-- or even plain good. All the guys I'm taking with me	0	
the man near Charlo. But it scared me. I got spooked again,	real good	this time. I felt something: strange standing out there in that man	0	
everything.' |p245I didn't mean that,' he whispered, you know -- A	really good	woman,' she said, would be so insulted she'd jump right	1	
to me and just gave me this hug, and I juss remember it felt	real good	, especially at that moment,' cuz it was like you didn't	0	
You see, all hands were anxious to get in, it looked like a	real good	investment. ''' But,' says father -- right here in this	1	
land. ''  #  Broc shook his head. '' Must have been something	really bad	to make you give up this. ''  #  '' I thought so at the	1	
. It was the same as it had always been. That was good,	real good	. Nobody had done a thing to me. I pushed up under the	0	
feels good. p. 20 ROB BOB Don't hurt, huh? SHEDEVIL Feels	real good	. ROB BOB See? BIG 8 What I'm sayin' here is	0	
of oaktag and pasted it to his wall, by his pillow. Izzie was	really good	then. Everybody thought for sure he'd be an All-American when he grew	0	
MEADOWSI don't want you guys to get in trouble or nothing, you been	really good	to me. &nbsp; MULHALL (disgusted) Let's go see your mother	0	
, Philadelphia chest specialist and onetime army colonel, is convinced that sergeants are	really bad	medicine.  #  The command, '' Suck in your gut! '' Dr. Gordon	1	
Microsoft's products, including Torvalds, who believes that '' Microsoft has been	really bad	at making operating systems. Windows NT is only the latest in a long line	0	
get Rowena back, I'll never spank her unless she's really,	really bad	. That's not going to be till she's much older, naturally.	0	
shall we start playing? Got a hunch I'm going to lick somebody	real bad	. '' No one suggested that she join them. She told herself that it	0	
away. He looks down at his stomach. BEN (CONT'D)	Really bad	shrimp. ANGLE: Fireplace. Sue looks gorgeous in the light. A beat	1	
the doctrine of Woman Suffrage is the truest of all faiths. The amount of	really good	ridicule that has been expended upon this thing is appalling, and yet we	1	
' fowl wi' worms an' slugs, an' wi' a	real bad	smell ahint it. '' Angered at the ridicule he received, he cried:	1	
, '' an' we been in this place two. '' '' You done	real good	, '' Tice said, approvingly. '' Is it fur, '' she	0	
necessary to see what a really good Governor like Al Smith can do with a	really good	State Government... - Signor D'Annunzio is now the owner of a	1	
maybe, goin' t' some kinda school, so I could get a	really good	job. '' She laid her head close against his chest. '' You	1	
I said me too. Shake said, '' My daddy says he feels	real bad	about Barbara Jane being involved. '' '' Your father's a very nice man	0	
as she said encouragingly, '' Everyone calls it so, and it's a	real good	name, for all the Mrs. Campbells live handy by, and keep coming	1	
the third degree for being gross, unladylike.  #  '' I've had	really bad	allergies my whole life, '' she said to Viola. Short and shrill,	1	
thought for a moment or two, then said, '' Dirty movies are	really bad	, aren't they? '' I said, '' Yes, Danae. Dirty	0	
That would have been my England. JAYFORT But on a good night, a	real good	night in the ring, I can smell the ocean behind me, and	1	
's not Spence in there. You've told me yourself, Spence is a	really good	cop. He wouldn't be arrested. '' The sergeant took the spot	1	
. '' Just lay still, Herman, completely relaxed. '' '' Ah relax	real good	. Man, Ah'm loose. '' '' Loose as a goose,	0	
indigenous issues. '' Am I being harsh? No. The situation is	really bad	. '' Brouse adds that the larger society's response to bias complaints is the	0	
it is adapted to a different field, and, on the other, all	really good	work -- and the work in this magazine is certainly good -- of this	1	
'' Domestic Arts,' Patrick said.' But it was still a	really good	project. Mr. Maxwell said so, because it counted in two categories,	1	
folks sent her but she claimed not. Said she wanted to see you	real bad	. Verna thought you wouldn't wanta bother. Told her you wasn't here	0	
the four, and he was so sorry and all that -- he's a	really good	guy, i see him whenever i'm in chicago, we were these	1	
, of Big Thunder. In this later day we felt happy to find a	really good	hotel. From this place, by two days of very leisurely and devious	1	
You couldn't have heard what we heard without concluding we're in a	real bad	fix. '' In New York an advisory committee to the Treasury, including such	1	
time. '' '' Well, I wouldn't borrow trouble, but have a	real good	time. I'm sure I should think I was in clover if I	1	
syph. '' '' You got burnin? '' '' Yeah. '' ''	Really bad	, I mean. '' '' I can hardly walk, '' Cherry said.	0	
me, yes ma'am, I did. And I fed him good too,	real good	, but I'm sorry, I'm terribly sorry, lady. ''	0	
about her mouth. '' It hurt, Hardcore. Man, it hurt	real bad	. '' '' We gone help you, girlfriend. '' He crawls closer to	0	
contract and expand. It was not that he minded flying, except in	really bad	weather -- he did it all the time -- but he knew, as certainly	1	
When they got home and told Mamma what Naples was like, she had a	really good	heart attack. For a week it was thought that Manama wouldn't live	1	
but is susceptible to disasters in the more technical pursuits.  #  '' She looks	really good	until she gets into trouble, '' Pinette said. '' She just does	0	
has proved too much for the English generals. Everyone hopes that ifp153things get	really bad	-- if, for instance, the British should take Charleston -- Washington will come	0	
Tell him Mama's got some food for his stomach, and he's doing	real good	getting it in his mouth, but now he's got to swallow it	0	
than Circle, '' said Turner. '' Anyone with money enough to start a	real good	gambling house and saloon down there will have a gold mine. '' ''	1	
escaping real life, putting our poverty out of my mind. Eventually I got	really good	-- I went 327-10 as an amateur. But I was never taken very	0	
Alhinwa as they were of her. Yesterday, the two miners had found some	really good	turquoise and refused to tell her where, tantalizing her with brief glimpses ofp120the	1	
! Louis gulps. Charlene enters the house. She is obviously in a	real bad	mood. She throws her purse, sweater and briefcase on the sofa and heads	1	
lose politically or represented constituencies who care little for the character of Congress. The	really good	men, who felt themselves forced to join them, made, we conceive	1	
a ghost. I made him all his costumes. One Halloween we got a	real good	onewhen our sister Wandi got her period and we used her sheet -- boy	1	
'' What's wrong? ''  #  '' We may have just screwed up	really bad	. ''  #  '' Why? ''  #  '' Pauline and Roberta are part of	0	
when we started working with them this summer, we realized this team could be	really good	. '' // Though sophomore point guard Darius Washington Jr. (SI,	0	
sympathetic Alice. '' I feel so sorry for poor Laura! She is a	real good	girl, -- don't you think she is? '' '' A very	1	
's like cracking one of those World War Two codes that they have in	really bad	spy novels. '' He walked out past the aerobics class, where a lot	1	
slip by, and here you deliberately go and deprive yourself of a lot of	real good	home pleasure by not enjoying people unless they wear frock coats and trot out -- --	1	
the source continued. They were part of '' that network of really,	really bad	guys who identified with each other, their ability to be valiant...	1	
lawyer Ed (Thomas Cavanagh) loses his job and his wife in one	really bad	day, and decides to go home to Stuckeyville for a visit. But so	1	
, '' you certainly owe it to these youngsters of yours to put a few	really good	books into their hands. City kids have the libraries to go to,	1	
their power to bestow upon its study the time which is required to make a	really good	musician. They are admirable proficients in the other art, which they acquire	1	
suggested with a slight edge in its voice, '' I can give you some	really good	prices. Just sign here, and here, and put down a slight	1	
, and I wont get skinned knees, because I'll learn to ride it	real good	. I can already ride Jimmy's when he lets me, but he	0	
parents always strangely do in public, '' or do you have to go	real bad	? '' | Crucially bad, I assure her. My mother does not point	0	
are things like that for you, Hank. '' '' I remember my mama	real good	. And the day of my seventh birth-day. '' | Molly smiled at him	0	
do it. That's something else he's got against them. He's	really good	at tap, too. And he wanted to play the banjo in a	0	
cent? how did you get rid of those machine shadows that had always prevented	really good	illumination? '' '' Well, '' says the engineer, '' that was	1	
you can help. Let's just wet your hands and soap '' em up	real good	'' - he holds my hands under the faucet and rubs soap on the palms	0	
up, as you did me, and curl their hair, and make a	real good	time for them, every day! '' '' You would! Well,	1	
a good time today, that's all. ''  #  '' I had a	real good	time, '' I said.  #  '' Well, good, '' he	1	
baths together with their gyms and swimming pools? to take care of the	really bad	cases of hangnails or hangover. On the more sedate side, there's probably	1	
, that's a stage touch. Pity! But a jolly good act.	Really good	! '' '' Those poor gay raddled singing girls, getting more and more	1	
knowledge will be of great assistance in securing the best specimens. Never expect a	really good	fruit if it is unevenly ripened with hard spots in the otherwise soft surface	1	
at some houses on the west side. It's a bad area.	Real bad	. Lot of ex-convicts over there. Makes sense when you think about it.	0	
which the duties of a mere society girl do not allow to develop to a	real good	. A plan slowly formed itself in her mind, in which she became	NA	
hand on little pieces of paper, which they left behind whenever they completed a	really good	job. They began making plans for initiating Amanda, but their father was	1	
#  I was hoping they'd take me, I wanted off the train	real bad	, I didn't care where we were. I even asked one of the	0	
. '' '' Yeah, Orlean, '' Darrell nodded. '' That's a	real good	idea. '' For the first time now, Margaret spoke, her voice	1	
the white spectators jamming the small federal courtroom in Jackson, Miss, had a	real good	time laughing and winking. Sometimes they shouted: '' Tell' em,	1	
'' If I'm going to sell them Chardonnay, it's got to be	really good	. ''  #  * Where to get the wine: Many wholesalers distribute great	0	
to read back at the grotto, though; that Jackie Collins novel -- while	really good	- was getting kind of moldy.  #  Really, though, the ooga	0	
he had often talked over to the fence-rails and the trees. '' It was	real good	in Mr. Pearson to take me, wasn't it? Else I'd	0	
''  | Gail remembers similar episodes: We had minor hassles, and one	really bad	fight that first year of marriagi was about something I was determined I was going	1	
foibles (which Dickens and Thackeray had touched on in their books) nothing	really bad	was to be found there. What hadn't been invented or accomplished by the	0	
comma home inna taxi. Me lova him. '' He's getting to speak	real good	. I miss you too. All is fine. 0000 and xxxxx,	0	
. GIRL (Swings stick dangerously near Man's head) I hit him a	real good	one, didn't I? (Pantomines baseball swing with stick) BOY	1	
will. However, I will think it over if you can send me something	really good	in the way of a fiction, either a new story or the opening	0	
opened their eyes, but tended to ask, '' Were the Chinese Red soldiers	really good	, or was it because Chiang Kai-shek's army was shot through with corruption	0	
across the street with her picture puzzles and stay with him awhile. She was	real good	company. He hadn't ever dreamed before that girls could be as interesting	1	
me up. I abhor visiting. Don't you? '' '' Are you	really good	friends? I felt very queer, the instant after I had walked in	1	
the chemistry of Jonathan and Jennifer might not work if she and Wagner weren't	really good	friends. '' I can't imagine working with anyone else at this point	1	
one has told me, or I have read it in books, that all	really good	secretaries have a turn for these little gallantries. And if I understand the	1	
two-family house in a modest section of Los Angeles; he hasn't had a	really good	picture job in years. Sometimes, the sudden fall of a star is	1	
wouldn't want anything bad to happen to him... I mean	really bad	, if you know what i mean? '' '' I. know what you mean	1	
of the ordinary, we will cut back a little bit. Today it felt	real good	to throw outside. I admit I was jumping a little bit, but	0	
Negro or white. That was Gus Greenlee's Pittsburgh Crawfords. Gus had a	real good	thing in Pittsburgh in 1931. He had a restaurant, a boxing stable	1	
ball-the change of speed off the fastball-and the suddenness of the break itself. A	really good	curveball does not curve, it snaps. The cliche is that it rolls	1	
were still grad students. I have to do post-doc work first to get a	really good	position later. That's all. '' '' Oh, '' Heidi said	1	
Janes if she wouldn't come up, '' said Ann. '' She's	real good	feelin', but she's had it very hard, an' gits	0	
that curious scheme is questionable, or worse, and so little of it is	really good	, that this division of blame and credit is essentially unfair. It may	0	
Alice all the time; but they never knew, and he made her a	real good	husband, and she died and I had to live on. But --	1	
had you been having problems? Sally Field: I'm lucky to have a	really good	doctor. If I don't make an appointment for an annual physical exam	1	
about any thing. I'll see to you; and you shall have a	real good	time, '' said Ben, accepting his responsibilities without a murmur, and	1	
to him? Well, he has kept talking about the glorious privilege of doing	really good	work and leavening the lump, and of how the public really wants the	1	
Real good. '' '' Considering. '' '' No, I mean it.	Real good	. Well, yeah, of course, considering everything. '' Presently the	0	
of plates and separators from '' gyp '' manufacturers, The plates looked just like	real good	battery plates when they were delivered to us, but the material began to	1	
New England moralizing placed in the form of a medieval legend and framed in some	really good	descriptive poetry of nature. The two preludes still retain their cultivated admirers and	1	
grip up a little tighter. That's it. You're gon na be	real good	at this. How does that feel? -- 24 -- &nbsp; VICKIEIt feels	0	
? '' '' Messy relationships and divorce run in my family. We're not	real good	at marriage. '' She straightened in her chair. '' Sorry, you	0	
from his backpack. &nbsp; BRUNORight, right. That's good, that's	real good	. See! That's what I'm here for. Serling walks out	0	
squeaks, '' says another engineer, '' aren't dangerous, and unless	really bad	, don't affect sales. So we don't worry about them. ''	0	
turned my head and I could see my mother, and she was shaking	real bad	. '' Mom? '' I said, and she got quiet, so I	0	
there had been at first, a larger proportion than there ought to be for	really good	farming on such land as his, he was willing to acknowledge. Haymaking	1	
and bonds. '' The beginning entrepreneur can not get access to some of the	really good	asset classes, '' he says, referring to the kind of exclusive private	1	
prize winner, Frank, the handsomest man in the body shop, and a	real good	sport! '' '' No, no, I really can't, ''	1	
accomplished. William Bohn, most amiable of veterans, expressed himself: '' Anything	really good	in the way of a movement or publication will require much more than a	0	
cigars somewhere, '' Mr. Sinkins said. '' Know where I can get some	really good	cigars? '' '' Yes, sir, '' said the chauffeur. With	1	
. Anyway, he looks at the hook, and then he looks Jill over	real good	, suspicious-like, like we'd been up to something, which we definitely	0	
# Is that good or bad?  #  # ROSANNA # That's good.	Really good	. He shot and killed two judicial cops and a kidnapper died in the	0	
just go out and curl up in the back of the car and have a	real good	nap. Then when we come out we'll all stop and have some	1	
. Neeve had gone to see her several times and had been astonished at how	really good	Tse-Tse was. Tse-Tse could move a shoulder, droop a lip, change	0	
to gas herself. She got bored sitting there. And she got a	really bad	headache. And then her social worker came to the door. I hate social	1	
more impressive than their commanders -- as is always the case wherever the latter are	really good	. In fact, with two exceptions, this is the only part of	0	
kind of stuff was always down the line and only if you were really,	really good	. The most immediate reward was the attention girls might pay to you.	0	
smiling back at him in the dim moonlight. '' That must make you feel	really good	. '' '' Yeah, it sure does. '' ''? Well,	0	
--  there's nothing in safes, nothing in banks -- unless he was a	real good	con artist, and he'd probably be legit anyway?' case that	1	
tolling for that poor fucker under the knife, not me. That's	real bad	And again, it's a simpleminded approach. Mr X had mentioned that one	0	
p. 144 REGAN (Embarrassed, looking about too.) Yeah, they been	real good	t' me -- the boys have. Davis comes here ev'ry day,	0	
- physical, financial and mental. My chapter has helped me through some	really bad	times. I kiss these men on the lips because I love them. ''	1	
not send it to Paul Prehn, assistant state superintendent of education, and a	real good	wrestler? Mr. Prehn might not be able to fetch this troubled terpsichorean home	1	
around her mother's neck, and kissing her. '' I will be a	real good	, obedient girl, and do anything you bid me. But then -- ''	1	
to leave you alone, because it's too beautiful. Anyone who has watched	really good	baseball knows it's like a very graceful dance. ''  #  Then too	1	
with a thoughtful discussion of sexual perversions or of various intimate activities. All the	really good	writers of my time had explored this field at length and with conspicuoussuccess,	1	
the Power of Bigness. The daily program change, he contended, impaired a	really good	picture's chief asset, the word-of-mouth advertising of satisfied patrons. When friends	1	
What a surprise. She had boy-radar. Most of the time she was a	really good	sitter -- not a baby-sitter -- she played games (although she couldn't	1	
trench.... Countess Bliicher3 hopes sincerely I may succeed in raising a	real good	rebellion in Ireland, and so bring peace by terrifying the British Government.	1	
not at all an easy or mechanical task when it is well done; the	really good	teacher needs many gifts and qualities which may be absent in great scholars.	1	
to be dopes either, they're going to be smart and work out a	really good	plan. '' '' And you've been wondering what sort of plan they	1	
I just want us to win this war. I guess really good soldiers are	really good	at very little else, he thought. That's obviously un- true.	0	
us, and told us now that they did not suppose it would do any	real good	for us to go out in a tug-boat and search along the coast,	NA	
sacrificial picture, this false plaisance, her cheeks grew hot with shame. The	real good	that was in Anne Tresslyn leaped into revolt. She hated herself for the	NA	
cook is delicious and that it has pleased countless generations. Interestingly, the only	really good	cooks we know in this country (American-born) were somehow spared the mainstream	1	
, '' Ted said. '' Fine. Suits me. '' The beer was	really good	. Even better than the legal stuff you get now. It was more	0	
everything '' continued Mr. Hennage. '' Preacher, quartette from Bakersfield -- they're	real good	, too. Playin' in a theater up there, but I engaged	0	
difficult, and it makes it difficult to get good men to teach. A	really good	professor should be a Cerberus? three gentlemen at. once. He should	1	
mugged Not Guilty! '' But this morning it came to me that the only	really good	parts so far are the roaringly dull ones. Consequently,'' To	1	
and there are several medicated sprays for burns, although if the condition is	really bad	, these sprays can sometimes add a secondary burn of their own. If there	0	
he said. '' It cures most of your stomach diseases, and you feel	real good	. '' <> <> A Regimen Developed // Like most observant Moslems, Mr.	0	
They're like -- (Indicating its size with his hands) yay-big and smell	real good	and ladies really like them. DASHAREE Oh. I was wondering why Serita	0	
stare, knowing there is more behind Shiloh's words. &nbsp; UNCLE CLEGGSYou been	real good	to us Cleggses.... Reese now... he ain't goin' to	0	
imitated gems; all this being frequently thrust forward to the concealment of what is	really good	or great in their buildings. Of an offering of gratitude which is neither	0	
rosette at the tip of my dick? '' I think this is coming along	real good	, if I do say so myself. '' He disappeared, and I	0	
hand. '' The boys told me I could find you here. It's	real good	to see you again. Yes, I'm back to have a look	0	
or otherwise acknowledge his wants. '' I don't think he's seein'	real good	, '' said Clary, the nurse, a large black woman who talked	0	
of their value, usually from $20 to $30. An average price for a	really good	, long-haired kitten without a pedigree is from $10 to $20, according to	1	
though you're small, you've got to act big. We had a	real good	crawfish season in 1977; I bought as much as 38,000 pounds in one	1	
? And good husbands. Like with my second, Joe, we had some	real good	times, only he would get to gambling. I mean, we all	1	
to one of the dearest girls in the world. She's a rarity,	really good	. Of course, she's humorless and, in many respects, quite	0	
Three months. '' She squared her shoulders then and said, '' He's	really good	. '' And I knew what she meant -- good in the sense that applies to	0	
In her case the gift of her youth and her illusions had done others no	real good	, and had more or less saddened her life forever. If she were	NA	
His late father, Eames, was a mechanical engineer who '' had a	real bad	time in 1929, '' Donaldson says. '' He spent a lot of the	1	
week, and often came to spend Sunday with him. '' Aunt Louisa's	real good	to me, '' he told his father, '' but she's not	0	
I, feel relieved and I feel confident that he will, and he's	real good	to them, and they just love him. D: Has he made	0	
in politics? // A. -- I time my interest. When things are	really bad	, and it looks like a war or a depression, I pay attention.	0	
would not be dry, that their coming had '' done both of' em	real good	-- a power of it -- and her too. '' '' He has	0	
any wonder that a '' gyp '' storage A battery costs much more than a	really good	battery if you figure it out on a basis of service at so much	1	
to America. Also Mrs. Harper's half-brother, whose name was Browning, was	real good	to America. Also, Mrs. Harper's man friend, Clark Poign-ant,	0	
being quiet, kind of shy, a little choirboy, he's actually a	really good	guy. He's a lot of fun to kind of make fun of	1	
; and for such a novice in the art of shopping, I made some	really good	bargains. When I came to get my presents all unpacked I found that	1	
I could get a dollar and a quarter, at least; but for a	real good	home-place, I'd go for four dollars a week. '' '''	1	
asylum. Even so, you don't get the worst cases. The	really bad	ones are tried by the police and sent to the prisons. The ones that	1	
is a combination of emotions people usually think of as being different: wanting something	really good	, looking forward to getting something really good, and curiosity, which most	0	
. But I guess she hadn't really grasped it. She and Pam were	really good	women, but they didn't understand. Both their parents had made trouble	1	
'' This is everyday stuff we' re dealing with, boys and girls.	Real good	stuff! '' // Last winter, Mr. Merriman was chosen as one of	1	
unlike anything to which it could be compared, that I myself might hardly understand how	really good	my poem is, do you think? Lucinella? Do you love me	0	
always been aware, ever since I can remember, that I was not a	really good	person, that I didn't have the proper instincts, to help and	1	
dude in the Mercedes. '' That got Quinn's attention. '' Bobby is	really good	at surveillance, '' Felicia said proudly. '' I think it's neurological	0	
read it, '' replied Annie, taking the proffered volume. '' It looks	real good	, '' she continued, as she turned over the leaves. '' It	0	
been friends for years. It's no use, sir -- he's going after every	really good	broker that we've got attached to us. '' '' But the Salamander	1	
Neidigk said. '' We have a lot of great kids. The future looks	really good	for us. ''  #  Lutheran North's only seniors are pitcher Phillip Brand	0	
n't I never, never have no chance to try em? If I m	real good	an' patient, an' say my prayers an' my catechis'	0	
are that it don't pay -- very possibly. I know a great many	really good	mines that don't. Every mine has its sunshine and clouds, and	1	
snow in suburban New York areas. '' Nothing is moving. It's	really bad	, '' police in southern New York reported. '' It looks like the North	0	
material prices and sel. - ing prices than they had in 1937. the most recent	really good	steel year At present (Iron Age averages). p:g iron costs $22	1	
: &nbsp; BLUME (o.s.) Espresso, to me, is the only	really good	coffee. Of course, it has to be made properly or it's	1	
. I can court the radical right and come out shining brightly. I'm	really good	at gettin' by.  #  So good, in fact, that Bush	0	
She always liked it. BIRDIE MAE But it still fits. An' looks	real good	on you. NEVA And give my books to Percy? BIRDIE MAE But	0	
and he had another searchlight. He told us, '' You can see shit	real good	with this one? I have one of these on my upcar. It	0	
, and just went on an' did his work. An' did it	real good	too. Like yourself, Ben, he just went on an' did	0	
Ask guys like Wade Boggs, any of those guys: They don't hit	real good	breaking balls, they hit the mistakes, the spinners that stay up in	1	
It does them good to stop being good. Of course they're never	really bad	. Once in a while somebody' 1l get mean -- ugly -- unkind --	0	
good at this. How does that feel? -- 24 -- &nbsp; VICKIEIt feels	real good	. &nbsp; JAKEJust keep your eye on the ball. &nbsp; VICKIEShould I hit	0	
swinging door. '' No pictures, please. They always turn out looking	really bad	. ''  #  '' How about lunch? ''  #  '' Are you coming on	0	
was convinced that there was no deception about it. This was a piece of	real good	luck. I thought the tide of fortune had turned in my favor,	1	
of '' Here's our new shitty music. '' It's got ta be	really good	. And it's hard to be really good. I mean, we	0	
soup. There's more in the kitchen when you're ready. It smells	really good	, doesn't it? She is silent REICHENTHAL Shall I get another bowl	0	
mines, therefore, has been that no new mines have been discovered. Many	really good	mines have finally been obliged to close, and other well-paying mines are taking	1	
it's just the opposite,' Kidd says.' He's been a	really good	friend and an inspiration to me. I just feel bad I haven't	1	
'' says Verhoeven. '' I told him he was making something really good	really bad	. When Joe proposed his changes and when I refused them, that was the	0	
off-hand, good-natured sort of way, that made them seem more funny than	really bad	. I don't think I can make it quite plain to you, but	0	
on what is happening between the characters onstage. We look for singers who are	really good	actors -- and then we give them room to act. ''  #  Since	1	
woe triumphant over pain? '' -- it takes your little daddy to get them	real good	programs, '' he told her, and jumped down. She listened closer	1	
on shelves inside closets different dynamic.  #  '' We have some guys who are	really good	situational players. It's a little bit like a pro team. It	1	
, and we were all very poor and very blue. Jonathan Whittemore -- a	real good	fellow, who used to cover the hammers with leather -- came to me	1	
'' a panic, because they could make it possible for any one who had	really good	securities, though he paid a high price for money, to get it	1	
them all go to bed, all except Irvin who still had nt come to	real good	. I told a couple of them to go back and help him along	NA	
spite of herself) At the most. JOS&amp;EACUTE; It must have been a	really good	yearI mean, you stayed for eighty more. p. 6 ANA CECILIA I	1	
n't have the arm to go downfield like Losman.... Aaron Schobel is a	really good	player at end, but you don't hear a lot about him.	1	
. '' '' Oh, I'm sure they do -- that is, the	really good	ones. '' '' What I mean is, the other preachers' wives	1	
, and Sikkukkut's cut Akkhtimakt bad - - thanks to you and the mahendo'sat.	Real bad	. '' Pyanfar leaned her elbows on the table. '' Where's humanity fit	0	
he asks you. I beat a kid up. I beat him up	real bad	, you say, wrinkling your forehead. Why, son? I had to	0	
shift at the 7-Eleven on Artesian and Prospect are cops. They probably get in	real good	with the students at Mira Costa High and then try and bust them for	0	
the representatives of a prince who, in the time of need, rendered us	really good	service, but we are rich enough to put thousands of pounds in the	1	
said that the tide is riming so strongly against this book that some of its	really good	points are in danger of undue disparagement. The description and defense of the	1	
Dave hiring the Saunders boys. Anyway, we can play together, and have	real good	times. '' Bud had an odd feeling that Honey was talking one thing	1	
'' You've been satin' cold for several days. You fill yourself up	real good	. You need it. '' While Hannah was eating the second bowl,	0	
Rowley, '' said the king. The king's repartees were some of them	really good	, and he obtained in his day the reputation of being quite a wit	0	
he can't. Or suppose it's teetering on the brink of something	really bad	, so that any small push shoves it over. '' '' Suppose, ''	0	
have anyone here to train you. '' Jones grinned. '' If you get	real good	at this, maybe we'll promote you tomorrow. Now, I got	0	
a bull or cow, of the best blood, is decidedly inferior, whilst	really good	animals are occasionally the produce of parents of '' low degree. '' If	1	
Around here they consider it remarkable if you say of a man, a	really bad	man, '' Well, at least he don't hit his wife! ''	1	
Supper in order to have women priests. That's both bad history and	really bad	theology because whether ones a minister has nothing to do with who was at the	1	
he reported that the Unitarian minister had a sumptuous church and crowds to hear his	really good	sermons'. // William Greenleaf Eliot fulfilled Emerson's ideal of an individual	1	
, if it's her that's coming to meet you, and have a	real good	laugh with her. (She beams kindly though somewhat patronizingly upon Roberts,	1	
her car across the street. The day was quickly sliding from bad to	real bad	. '' Perfect, '' she muttered under her breath. She sent up another	0	
population now known as Uppers. Then, too, the rising cost of a	really good	education became such that few other than those born into the Middle or Upper	1	
set for them, but she is painfully slow of foot. Any of the	really good	men players could rip her game to pieces by forcing her to run after	1	
fall into the friendliest, most natural of conversations. We'd be having a	real good	time, free and open with each other, when it would come out	1	
: '' No, boss. I've been in bad shape -.	really bad	off... I haven't been out to work at all. '' '' Well	0	
around the TV but the set was turned off. This must be some	really bad	news. I eased myself down between Bud and Janie on the sofa. They	1	
, '' she says. '' It's lectionary based, and that's a	real good	place to start, because you're going to hear those readings on Sundays	1	
a host of starry-eyed recreational options you'd never find in Times Square. The	really good	news is our holdouts are all reachable by car so you won't have	1	
every evening before, during, and after dinner. Papa said that I was	real good	. Mama said I was a born actor. A genius was the word	0	
very careful, and particularly when these religiouspersons speak against those who are not	really bad	, and against whom I have never discovered anything injurious to me; whilst others	0	
him on the side of his head. MAMA I'm gon na train you	real good	! I told you don't bring no stray dogs into this house!	0	
balls. I know a lot of men in this war who went out looking	real good	. But I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of	0	
he was glad she left the house then. He had never said anything	really bad	to his mother. He was afraid this would have been the time. Joe	0	
vibe or whatnot. From you. TOM That's weird, because I feel	really good	about us. I do. HELEN No, me, too, I	0	
. '' I mean, you sort of build up all your life for one	real good	time like this, and then you can take your punishment and not mind	1	
and I were now of the opinion that the only good movies were the	really bad	ones. He never showed me what he wrote in his diary -- not then	1	
guess radar is going to be pretty hot stuff. But you can get a	real good	course in radar in the Army. Ernest said, '' I don't	1	
our big night at the Prudential Center. Of course, only if they're	really good	prospects for Fiord Haven. '' Okay, okay, '' said Quinlan.	1	
harm than the most overwhelming defeat would have done; because their stroke was	really bad	in principle, and being nevertheless subsequently adopted by Yale as the correct one,	0	
my father that war-rationed winter. My mother she paints without surprise as '' a	real good	conversationalist ''? then Winona breaks into another terrible coughing spasm, terribly reminiscent	1	
dirty stories. It goes without saying that at least ninety | percent of the	really good	stories are dirty. To get a really comic shock, you have to	1	
to the workhouse and branded for life. I don't think he is	really bad	. The fact is that I don't believe there is a living man who	0	
a general kind of way; but they don't either seem to do me	real good	. '' '' For my part, I am such an enemy to stagnation	NA	0
its social aspects as well. '' We've talked about how it will be	really good	for older men and people with diabetes, '' she says. '' Their	0	
. Blackie is a great dog. Over the next month or two I get	real good	at how not to look over the fence. She may be raising hell	0	
'' Martin asks. '' Nonfat? Sorbet? Chocolate? It's really,	really good	. It's like a frozen sorbet chocolate thing with no fat. No	0	
nothing that the boys enjoyed more at this season of the year, than a	real good	snowstorm. Such a storm they were favored with during this month. It	1	
, nastier. '' You stupid little slut. I'm gon na use you	real good	. Real damned good. Better than any of them high school boys ever	0	
market by your model at the same 7,000. So you can say that nothing	really good	has happened as a result of the transaction.  #  But you were out	0	
is acting. I certainly will be right sorry Sam, if Melanctha has	real bad	trouble come now to her, but I certainly don't no ways like it	1	
Bielecki said. '' And I said:' Yeah, and you called a	really good	game. I only shook you off once.' And I said,	1	
face on it, not mine. And having read the screenplay, which is	really good	, I can see him. But see, I'm already in the	0	
keep an eye on things himself. Angie said sadly, '' I'm usually	really good	with dogs. '' When Melissa arrived, she said, '' Well,	0	
's Flim-Flam, he said. We met in clown school. She's a	really good	clown.  #  -- He started pulling me over to meet her, but	1	
enter from house. MRS. HOSEA BROWN I must say, it has seemed	real good	to be sitting in the Parsonage again. MATTIE Well -- I'm sure	0	
tenders are common). After his injury, Braulio would '' '' limp	real bad	when he'd see me '' but walk normally at other times, Walley said	0	
knowing how much anxiety she had suffered an hour before. But there was no	real good	reason why she should economize either in bonnets or in anything else she wanted	1	
my hips, and about a wagon-load of things in all. He was a	real good	fellow. We laid in a stock of canned and condensed provisions, and	1	
or not, '' he said. '' Poor execution is never going to feel	real good	. ''  #  Preparation just wasn't there  #  It's obvious he was	0	
thing, I beg you will exert yourself on my behalf, and select a	really good	watch for me. With the most enthusiastic admiration for a man like yourself	1	
visited the hospital, though he told people he had: '' Cal's doing	real good	, '' he said. He'd called the hospital a number of times	0	
'' Oh, listen, no problem there. They wouldn't stand for nothing	really good	, of course. But some cutesy notion like this, why it'll	0	
successful, sold a lot of things. But aside from that, he is	really good	. He sees to the bottom of things. '' Was that true,	0	
must deal with neighborhood bullies and their attack dog. Expect lame jokes and	really bad	dialogue. By Lisa Leigh Parney  #  Staff 1/2 Raunchy language, awful, grossly	1	
he was. '' Anyhow, '' Todd said, '' the library stuff was	real good	. They must have had a hundred books with stuff in them about the	0	
I have to 1-live my own life. I think I can be pod --	really good	. '' He saw the look on Kate's face. '' I've	0	
the floor with the speed at which she worked. '' I've had a	real good	day to-day, and I'm feeling that I could just sit for a	1	
worry very much, '' said Mr. Waterman. '' If we have any	really bad	weather you will be surprised how quickly the guides will make a wood hut out	1	
of it, the healthy, hopeful sound of it: the birth of a	really good	community theater right here, among themselves. This was what had drawn them	1	
'' Her head kept moving mechanically from side to side. '' I do windows	real good	. But I don't like... '' I didn't interrupt; her	0	
much this pure red Doberman was costing him, but I wanted to know	real bad	.  #  Anyhow, I could see things going in a wrong direction, so	0	
pointing out the good and admitting the bad in their own countries, maybe some	real good	might come of it. At the festival's Paris headquarters, we were	NA	
what the children are doing every minute in the day. Julia and Willie are	real good	, and they play with all the nicest children in the square. If	0	
regret that has lasted to my thirty-eighth year springs from my inability to become a	really good	swimmer. I never saw the crawl stroke till boys just older than I	1	
said. '' Drinking whiskey right out |p109of a bottle. Did you get a	real good	look at the bottle he was drinking out of, the whiskey bottle?	1	
says, '' No, not really. ''  #  '' It makes me feel	really good	that my parents get along, '' he said. '' It makes me	0	
rehearsal that night, so we could work up something for Sunday that would be	really good	. And sure enough, right after supper there he was, over by	0	
Someone like me.  #  Which meant only one thing: Someone could tell a	really good	story. Thrills, excitement, romance, conflict, sex, the Big	1	
you to come to supper early to-night, for we are going to have something	real good	. I want, '' continued Mrs. Ruggles, '' that you should feel	0	
, well, if the other lights were out, then you could see it	real good	, no, not it, them, no, it, the light	0	
Grill in Duluth and Hometown Barbeque in Lawrenceville. Both remind you of what's	really good	about Southern cooking.  #  -- Rosalind Bentley, rbentleyajc.com  #  2. High	0	
He smiled and wolf whistled, remembering the occasion. '' I got him back	real good	then. '' We stood there staring at each other. '' You mean	0	
it possible to make. Some of the speeches which fall to his part are	really good	, and for these Mr. Campbell deserves much credit. Mr. Duffield, Miss	0	
to my camp at Lake Raponda for the rest of your vacation. There's	really good	swimming and fishing there, and no mosquitoes. Good snug cottage, plenty	1	
can't get there with the home strips. ''  #  '' Her hair looked	really good	, too, '' Lucy noted. '' I wonder where she had it	0	
important part of that increase in sophistication. He's done some very challenging and	really good	cases over the last few years. Matt Jacobs also has a proven track	1	
. That's a good man, I remember thinking. Thal is a man	really good	. '' I've looked for you everywhere, '' he was saying humbly	1	
fingernail half off in the first ten minutes of digging. The pain was	real bad	, and he knew he was bleeding. If they dragged him out now,	0	
life of a tour player that makes one think it's actually possible to be	really good	at this game. I was flying. Full of confidence. Bring on	0	
men'll come up from Middle Key just to doubt his word. Couple	real bad	fighting men down at Middle Key now on that construction.'' Mr Roger	1	
feelings of children, which will make it pleasing to children and parents alike.	Really good	child literature is not over-plenty, despite the multitude of books that come daily	1	
Jesse James. (General laughter) SOP-THE-BOTTOM I hates to tell you how	really bad	I is. I'm so bad till my spit turns to concrete before it	0	
That's what I preached on last Sunday, and Kate said it was a	real good	sermon, just what they needed. '' His ashes landed on the desk	1	
n't dropped the reins in quite a while ya' know. I've been	real good	. I have. No hooch. No slammer. No women. No	0	
block in New York and had probably written about them.  #  But all the	really good	, juicy stories were uncovered in the court system. Penelope had refused offers	1	
, aunty, we may go, mayn't we, and we'll be	real good	for a whole week afterward, aunty! Say yes, aunty dear!	0	
, forceful, helicopter-piloting, fitness-obsessed, **29;436;TOOLONG niece scared. '' I feel	really bad	, '' she continues to repeat herself over the phone as Marino maintains his position	0	
it's a splendid life. I saw a fellow -- oh, a	really bad	case -- who'd been simply made over by it. '' | '' It	1	
one part of a room to another in the rather forlorn hope of finding a	really good	situation for it is not only back-breaking, but also heartbreaking. If you	1	
circle, wouldn't you? You will have to admit, you did a	real good	job of eliminating! '' Beardsley managed to smile, even as his mind	1	
have never understood you but this time is worse than usual. I treated you	real good	Mary always gave you ever little thing you wanted, a house of your	0	
of the country members. '' '' Would the country members refuse to vote for	really good	and needed city legislation? '' asked Peter. '' Every time, unless	1	
users were doing and molding the Web to fit them. '' They do a	really good	job of figuring out what's important and just doing it, '' he	1	
paintings... some of them are disintegrating. '' '' Some of them are	really bad	, '' Sierra said, grinning. '' That, too, '' her mother	0	
so much superior was bound to have its influence. And she must have some	really good	qualities at bottom or she could never have attracted him. There was nothing	1	
's makeup in terms of outside shot and inside power.  #  '' Duckworth was	real good	, '' Nelson said, '' and now he's what, 20 pounds	0	
the Nazis have conquered to date they will find little that will do them any	real good	. There has been a great deal of talk about the grain fields of	0	
boys was playing with the nets -- it was just after the fishing came back	real good	, those Roussin germs'd wore off. Gene went down to shoo you	0	
my husband was a good living man, he was confirmed, he was a	really good	living man; everybody liked him. But do you know, the vicar	1	
Christian zeal. She pointed out to us that the alley children were not	really bad	children at all. They lived hard, meager lives, barren of beauty.	1	
it is not uninteresting. The most conscientious of playwrights could not have made a	really good	play on the subject of '' All's Well, '' whereas it is	1	
facts in order to advise as to which fabrication will earn the fee (a	really good	lie, after all, is only an edited version of the truth)	1	
. She listened closer, growing proud of the way her little daddy made them	real good	programscome in. By noon she was downstairs singing with faith restoredHis blood-red banner	1	
Ilana Davita? Did I frighten you with my words about war? The	really bad	things about this war have no words as yet and I told you only those	1	
? When that has been accomplished it will obviously be necessary to see what a	really good	Governor like Al Smith can do with a really good State Government..	1	
of us will have to pay for our own meals. And if he's	really good	at closing deals over luncheons, his profit on his deals should heal the	0	
pull it loose, only he couldnt make it as I had tied it up	real good	, and then he said, '' You just wait over here for a	0	
#  Bono knows that feeling.  #  '' When it's good, it's	real good	and when it's bad, it's real bad, '' he says	0	
) It's been snowing-seems like three or four days now. The first	really bad	weather of the year so far.  #  It looks so draggled and cold....	1	
and merely defensive of property. It vindicates no right, it aspires to no	real good	, it brands no crime, it proposes no generous policy; it does	NA	
to the party, delayed by minor distractions, like feeding the kids. The	really good	stuff's gone. If you're not into skiing the trees, you	1	
least not in the house. Indeed, there doesn't seem to be a	really good	solution, and this begins to suggest the problem people have with mice.	1	
relatively brief duration, and few of the users who? can be arrested are	really good	potential informants. A 7 valuable informant, one with whom a long-time relationship	1	
tasted. '' '' Andy Leinster, '' said Jerry, '' you've got	real good	sense. '' P135Then Patrick, who was really too young to know much	1	
of the state, '' streams biologist Steve Pescitelli said. We haven't had	real good	success with river regulations in general. ''  #  Smallmouth are affected by habitat	1	
the utilities are going to cut back and when that happens, things are	really bad	. '' EARNS $5.86 an hour including cost-of-living and takes home about $170 a	0	
scarlet and green of the mammoth Turkish rug. '' I suppose they're not	really good	, '' he murmured to her. '' The pictures, I mean.	0	
eaten her last crumb of gingerbread. '' Yes, thank ye, you're	real good	, I will come back if I find I ain't wanted. Look	0	
dance, but sometimes my mom and Aunt Terri do the swing. They're	really good	.  #  To tell the truth, Annie and I were looking forward to	0	
of Americana, is admittedly '' dying for a pair of Ammi Phillips portraits,	really good	ones. '' Phillips was an itinerant painter in the early nineteenth century.	1	
, and the men egg him on to the end) MY HONEY That was	real good	, Few. FEW CLOTHES Lets me and you practise on together. MY	0	
intense:) There's something wrong with that house, Doug. Something	really bad	. (re: Peter's photo) The boy in that house, he	0	
like Charuso. '' '' Besides, '' Scheikowitz added, '' highgrade designers and	really good	cutters means more capital, Elkan. '' '' The capital you shouldn't	1	
it was pretty red, but it only looked like some big face with	real bad	hair -- and he said, '' Look, Ray, get something to do	1	
you tell them apart? '' I asked. // '' If I have	really bad	luck, '' she explained, '' I know I've got the wrong one	1	
turned down because of money, '' Cooper Gay says. '' We have a	really good	bursary program (for children of low-income families) thanks to the Bank of	1	
, and he's OK. I think I'm OK and I'm	really bad	. What one song would best sum up my recent journey? Bon Jovi's	0	
of Poe's article upon Miss Barrett. 1 should much like to see anything	really good	of his. With the exception of his volume of poems I know nothing	0	
of the country, except in distinctly literary centres like Cambridge or Concord, are	really good	household libraries so common a possession, I think, as they were among	1	
I might be better at being bad, better at being angry. Karl is	really good	at being angry. He learned how from his brothers. I wouldn't	0	
off your things and stay to supper with us. Then we can have a	real good	visit, and you will see how well we dwellers in tents can live	1	
in her it would have been selfish. It was imperative not to let the	really good	old families die out, especially now that the country was being swamped by	1	
' of this matter fer a good while. That place ain't ben no	real good	to ye sence the first year you signed that morgidge. You hain't	0	
' exceptional,' but the advance is always made if the security offered is	really good	. However much the Bank may dislike to aid their rivals, yet they	0	
Considering what six shots of grappa had done to her mind, the contact felt	really good	. The man was powerfully built, the kind of guy she could lean	0	
'll have to tell you later!' Fine, if you can find a	really good	medium,' snapped Hrun. Heglared up at Liartes, who was beginning	1	
's the best. The bay is all right, but the black is a	real good	colt. Prettiest way of going of anything Pa ever bred -- easy as	1	
And thank you kindly, over and over, I'm sure. It's	real good	o' you to think o' me so -- oh! '' And Glory could	0	
often thought that an influential man might materially help his poorer neighbours by purchasing a	really good	male turkey and allowing the cottagers to bring their hens once during the season	1	
detail that is coarsely cast in ignoble forms. It is impossible to find any	really good	iron buildings among our many thousands. All we can say is that the	1	
stop playing golf, I want to look back and say that I had a	really good	time doing it. I want to work hard at it, but at	1	
away like it was silly. '' Negative on all counts. We have a	really good	doctor here who checks us out really thoroughly. ''  #   #  '' Heck	1	
? '' he said. '' You can teach me. But you're probably	really good	, right? ''  #  I shrugged. '' Sure, if you like	0	
turned her on to Comme des Garons and Yohji Yamamoto. '' Gavin's got	really good	taste, '' she says. '' I try to impress him, so	1	
and the bear, which is not interested in food during suspended animation. A	really good	photographer is quite willing to give up breathing for considerable periods to get the	1	
Mayhan  -- you remember him playing football right here in town and always stunk	real bad	, before old man Mayhan moved them all to Pocahontas where they'd belonged all	0	
still stronger one, subsists in Philadelphia, between the self-styled fashionables, and the	really good	society. rhe distinction there, is really of a nature perfectly ludicrous;	1	
in 1968 was Sen. Mike Monroney, Oklahoma Democrat. '' John Griner has a	real good	grasp of things, '' Mr. Monroney says. '' He's reasonable and	1	
the specialized profession, requiring many years to master. Any reporter can make a	really good	picture within a short time if he will give a little care and attention	1	
prestige of the Paduan professor that his contemporaries also ignored Kepler's design. A	really good	idea never dies, though, and by the middle of the seventeenth century	1	
Well, haven't you got one? '' '' No, nothing that's	really good	enough. Of course, that was a lovely room I had at home	0	
this prairie. '' LEE That's good. I like that. That's	real good	. AUSTIN You do? LEE Yeah. Don't you? AUSTIN Sure	0	
speechless indignation. '' Uncle Harry, '' said Budge, ''' t was	real good	of the Lord to let you be with us, else Toddie might have	0	
besides you're too young for that too. Just clean out that ice box	real good	. Yes sir. I fill up all the metal salt shakers and carry	0	
'' said Douglas. '' Don't forget that he has written one of the	really good	novels of our time, Sons and Lovers. '' Douglas scolded me roundly	1	
. He almost always winds up with the neighbors' kids, and he's	really good	with children.  #  '' '' He's taken a lot of shots to	0	
, '' but don't you let my young'uns go till they can read Latin	real good	. '' Or '' Don't mean to be onery, but my mind	0	
like she had some sort of intestinal issues, maybe an ulcer or just	really bad	heartburn.  #  The third, she just lay on her tummy on a towel	1	
of the script and score were all-sufficient. To the casual wanderer seeking just a	real good	show, the miniature may seem in spots a trifle indistinct.  #  Seeniaya	1	
of as being different: wanting something really good, looking forward to getting something	really good	, and curiosity, which most people probably don't think of as being	0	
many times there wa'n't anything in the world that tasted better than chowder --	real good	clam chowder. '' His mouth opened to take in a spoonful, and	1	
these bequests become merely monuments of the testators' folly; that the amount of	real good	done by posthumous gifts was ridiculously disproportionate to the sums thus left. The	NA	
would sell a good wagon for a hundred and forty dollars.' Not a	really good	wagon,' James said. There ain't been any since you quit	1	
Tiger tosses him one.) NETTY (Patting her.) You doin'	real good	. (Nola exits.) BIGMAN What is this, Bulgarian beer?	0	
thing or not, '' he said, '' it seems to me that more	real good	would result from publishing the name of prosperous citiZeits who pay no 1ncome tax	NA	
days. ''  #  '' You're welcome. ''  #  '' I feel	really bad	about... about not... ''  #  Wayne placed a finger on her lips,	0	
is obliged to talk much in order to '' keep things going. '' The	really good	teacher is the one who understands the secret of delegating responsibility to her pupils	1	
to talk. '' I take Jim into the bedroom, which I had cleaned	real good	. I had changed the bed linens and even sprinkled my best perfume on	0	
only way I got the gig was telling them I sang. Things are	really bad	, man, I kid you not. '' I couldn't help smiling,	0	
know who he is!  #  # CARTER # No, but I know Troy	real good	. He said he'd be bringin' him. I ain't got	0	
, some people will ask. Style has everything to do with imagination. A	really good	style can not exist without imagination. As we have said that the test	1	
by the mawnin' mail, plenty o' time for me to get a	real good	dinner fixed for you three gemmen. Ain't no other reservations this ebenin	1	
. Do as many bad things as you know how. Act like a	real bad	kid. Okay? '' His cigarette moves up and down in time with what	1	
me when you come back. '' I said, '' Well, it sounds	real good	. How much would it be? '' He said, '' I'll	0	
us that we didn't think was funny, even some bad things.	Really bad	things, and not just losing the city championship once. Well, what's	1	
'' '' He taught me a hell of a lot. I was a	real bad	kid when I went there. Angry, you know? And so damn stupid	1	
to whom Bishop Wilberforce or Dr. Caird might preach to no purpose; and if	real good	be done, by whatever means, all right - minded people should rejoice to	NA	
an attempt to help the sweated sempstress of his day, and for a few	really good	, serious lyrics, including the well-known Ruth, which rise above the less	0	
stumbled on the stairs. // Lisette stepped forward, smiling. '' You played	real good	tonight, Johnny, '' she said. '' Merci beaucoup, '' Johnny	0	
, he said.  #  '' If a developer came in with a really,	really good	project in the right location... I believe we would say,	1	
, but everywhere else they should be the subject of reprehension and of punishment when	really good	cause can not be shown.' In the old wicked days the object	1	
Simon? SIMON (looking at George) Not bad, dolly, not	really bad	. (he motions to George) Turn around, chicky baby. GEORGE does	0	
flu, keeps you in bed only four or five days. The only	really bad	part is that you get up with a very low blood pressure...	1	
, '' I began, with a smile. '' But suppose his merchandise is	really good	, and I can outbid him. Why should it not be proper for	0	
storybook creatures. They're real. They -- well, they smell.	Really bad	. I think Hevak sent these trolls off to the gray -- and I think	0	
was studying his books about bones. Percy was a little too delicate to be	really good	at foraging, and as for me, my saddle had worn so many	0	
make full as good pies as sorrel, Cephas. Mebbe the sorrel will be	real good	. I ain't sayin' it won't, though I never heard	0	
are springing up in every town and hamlet, and the standard of teaching is	really good	. The annual institutes of teachers, which received so much encouragement from Dr.	0	
war? Perhaps if it could be reckoned up, if you could get some	really good	accountant at it, it would turn out that I am the only one	1	
out for basketball? it was easy enough to get five guys together who were	really good	at that. So he dropped in to watch basketball practice now and then	0	
took Jake Johnson. But it killed Harker more slowly, hurting him	real bad	, making him scream. Because it wanted us to hear those screams. Harker	0	
the music comes out of a horn?? well, when they get them	really good	I'm going to have one, and that's the first piece I	0	
's anxiety was about, responded by saying, '' We are going to take	real good	care of you, and there is a doctor here all the time.	1	
him, was skeptical and confided to a friend his doubts that the man was	really good	for such an amount. '' Why, '' cried the friend, ''	0	
tempting and just like her old way of making it, for she was a	real good	cook. But she was all shaky and trembly, her face looked drawn	1	
staggers my way, I consider the high point of my life to be a	really good	bowel movement. Rock hard, intact, clean cut at both ends.	1	
the windshield. &nbsp; SAMDon't hit any bumps. -- My friend's hurt	real bad	. Dummy picks up the radio and tunes in on some MUSIC. (CONTINUED	0	
he can do some, some amazing things, which is why he needs a	real good	guide, to help him along his next step. '' Whatever it is	1	
'm I going to get along without you? '' He smiled slowly. ''	Real good	, I reckon. You don't need me to wetnurse you no more	0	
planner.  #  Gas tax might help  #  '' Our east-west access here is	really bad	, '' Angell said. '' One thing is the lack of a gas tax	0	
you now. '' The minister that time was Mr. Robbins. He was a	real good	man, and terrible sorry for Colossy. He used to go and see	1	
up more than 2,000 other firms.  #  But is this rush of corporate marriages	really good	for the U.S. economy? Will this help get America out of the economic	0	
said Boeheim. '' I'd like people to say,' He's not	real good	, but he's not bad, either.' '' // If the	0	
the requiredgrades that he went ahead at the plant and made preparations for selecting a	really good	car. First he sought out his friend Louis, an inspector on the	1	
and I feel I can just pick' em once I look at' em	real good	. I miss it... but I win, too. ''	0	
wondering was, what camp you folks hailed from, and if you have any	real good	medicine makers there. ''  #  The blonde replied at once, in a	1	
. Mounting to lance, Dimbleby told his audience: '' If I had a	really good	air gun, I'd know what to do with those five. ''	1	
How is he as a patient? '' '' Fine as a patient, not	real good	as a guest. He puts me off some. '' '' He's	0	
with great liberty of faith, This is a considerable sum, with which something	really good	must be accomplished; I will commence a school with it for the poor	0	
bit of it. I am delighted to do so. '' '' That is	really good	of you, '' she said; '' and how have you been?	0	
as hard as I could to love my cousin' Bin; he' s	real good	, and -- I' m -- afraid' Bin likes me, though	0	
up, or write to: Yrs., Daphne Poole. '' Before I felt	really good	I had three quick thoughts: Of course she knew my last name because	0	
20 minutes  #  Vegetarian restaurateur and cookbook author Deborah Madison says grilling is the only	really good	way to enjoy okra. We know better. Here's just one:	0	
fellow golfers his theory on slices. '' You want to know what makes a	really good	pizza? '' he says. '' I'll tell you what. The	1	
mind. It was like, bang! All of a sudden, I was	really good	. '' She placed second in 1: 05. 1. '' And then	0	
did hate it,' Jerry replied,' but I want it now	real bad	. Make it for me, please. Harold likes it, don't you	0	
you far more than his. '' The Pope, always ready to welcome a	really good	artist, accepted Salviati's statement, and summoned Tobbia to Rome. Upon	1	
Reading from his letter.) '' Little Henry is getting so he can spell	real good	from his primer, and every night he asks after you and wants to	0	
'm going to have some bacon and eggs and stop suffering. The air tastes	really good	. Come on, Waco Texas. We're gon na live! WACO	0	
me as an ego? '' Experience soon teaches him that nothing can ever be	really good	for him, or for anyone, which is not good for all,	0	
love me anymore. Even though we've spent a solid amount of time smoking	really good	bud, the feelings he has for me still stem from the fact that	1	
'' says Krine. '' My wife wins a lot, and my girls do	real good	. My daughters are nine and eight years old and can really shoot with	0	
. Certainly the Army classification system has its faults. But the chances of a	really good	personnel man's getting lost in the shuffle are probably less than one in	1	
, we've been inconsistent the last five or six games - we've played	really good	ball at times and played real inconsistently at times. ''  #  The Owls	0	
knew what good teams looked like, and what they had to have to be	really good	. Seven of my twenty-nine teams at Indiana were either ranked No. 1 in	0	
, nnj u*tifiable, and pernicious, we can not doubt. But whether a	really good	man may not fall into such dreadful errors, and yet have some good	1	
unaccommodating organ we speak of might be blinded and gagged a while, in a	really good	cause, if not turned out of doors. In yours, '' he	1	
said Ellen Haag, urging classmates not to hold anything back, '' you feel	really good	. ''  #  In PAIRS, no topic is unapproachable. Not at a	0	
week, out of the hospital after five days, Mrs. Hawley was '' feeling	real good	. ''	0	
. Boy, she's just UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM, '' said Kenny. '' Is she	really good	? '' asked Studs. '' Best I ever had, '' said Kenny	0	
away from a good Hamlet. &nbsp; MOMTell her, Ben. &nbsp; POPHe was	really good	. &nbsp; SARAHLarry is very talented. &nbsp; MOM (at the door now	0	
and he ought to find it wherever people go when they're drunk --	really bad	drunk, the way he gets. That's a job for a psychiatrist.	1	
he asks you. I beat a kid up. I beat him up	real bad	, you say, wrinkling your forehead. Why, son? I had to	0	
. '' I wish you would make a date with me, Byron! A	real good	hot date. Out in the sun behind a cactus or yucca, if	1	
says John Neimeyer, an inline skating instructor and racer. '' It's a	real good	social activity and doesn't stress you out in a physical sense. ''	1	
missing. '' If any of them survived the initial explosion, there's a	real good	chance they're alive down there right now, '' said Danny Kuhn,	1	
action for leading your family and parenting with purpose. What you need is a	really good	guidance system so you know that you are tracking the target of success from	1	
// professorships of political economy lately established in some of our colleges will effect much	real good	; and we can not but hope that our venerable Alma Mater at Cambridge	NA	0
then you could give him a hand job or use a condom and wash yourself	real good	afterwards, and then go see the doctor. Some girls always use a	0	
. '' You said, the other day, Uncle Frank, I could ride	real good	! '' '' So you can, Curlytop. '' '' Then why ca	0	
the water connections and the electriclines, much more than Tomaso. And he's	really good	at the topiary work, even if he is a dirty old drunk.	0	
Penny asked, digging a finger into the bread. '' Does it hurt	real bad	? ''  #  Roger stared down at the little girl in surprise. '' Hurt	0	
only funning. Elsie and I play chess most every night. She plays a	real good	game for a girl. Sometimes pa helps, and then she beats.	1	
you paint two or three hundred canvases this winter and a dozen of them are	really good	and say your say of yourself, time and place, you can be	0	
pillow. Only criminals said things like that. Only axe murderers and other	really bad	people wrapped themselves up in legal hieroglyphics.  #  Just how is it possible to	1	
Was there one time when you called something absolutely right? A. We had two	real good	occasions when we had all our clients and subscribers out of the stock market	1	
news conference outside the small courtroom, Sergeant Hutto said that I he felt ''	real good	'' and said I he had never lost faith in his I attorneys during	0	
time. And I think that (fun) bleeds through on the screen in	really good	comedies. I can' t believe Cary Grant didn' t have a	1	
really made a sin. But going to a fortune teller Anna knew was	really bad	. That had to be told to the father just as it was and penance	0	
assume correct attitudes on the part of the learner, but simply by association with	really good	players. We all know how remarkably independent of the rational intelligence is that	1	
election time. It was a place of meditation. The Old Man was meditating	real good	when I arrived. He had his hat pulled down on top of his	0	
been delayed indefinitely on many of the bike route systems its government promised.	Really bad	: The city recently removed ISTEA-funded bike lanes along West Dallas Avenue and West 20th	0	
After my experience of last night I would hail any change. But this is	really good	. I never thought of it myself, '' replied Mrs. Brewster, with	0	
drinking alcohol during the treatment.  #  '' Before that, I was a	real bad	drinker, '' he said. '' They told me, You have to stop	1	
in reply. '' It, um, it feels real good, Speed.	Real good	. '' Macklin became very still. He could feel his heartbeat very distinctly	0	
he say if he knew that I was so bad? '' Crops doing	real bad	, '' Uncle Lofton said, returning to the subject he had introduced before Booty	0	
begins to shake her father gently, but he is sound asleep. After a	real good	shaking, he wakes up with a start, draws his six-shooter and fires	1	
well-trained men, '' he said; '' the more so because there are no	really good	ichthyological schools. And no matter how well-trained a man may be he's	1	
formed it into a Sunday-school and was greatly delighted with the work. But a	really good	work never falls through; there is always someone to carry it on,	1	
Craig is going to teach you to drive your Christmas present. He's a	real good	driver. '' '' Merry Christmas, '' Craig said, not knowing whether	1	
What I ain't done for Melba. '' '' I've never got a	real good	tattoo on anybody with your special color skin, '' Professor Robinolte complimented the	1	
our author: '' Why should it be thought incredible that there should be some	really good	principle awakened in the mind of a child? For this is all that	1	
before fuming began. '' I was single, I had been through a	really bad	time, I felt like a turtle kind of wallowing in my shell. It	1	
greens and peas, And how good bacon ought to look; The feel of	real good	wearing stuff, The kind of apple as will keep, The look of	1	
Honey, the folks around St. Albans don't know it. But I'm	really good	with my Dukes. I never told you because I didn't want you	0	
because they ignored the siren song of the new momism and instead followed the	really bad	advice of their feminist mothers, who allegedly told their girls to forget marriage and	1	
weakened by multiple symptoms and with lousy insurance, Doris is -- surprise -- a	really good	patient. She communicates efficiently with her doctors and treats us with respect and	1	
ESTHER Yes. BUD It's good. ESTHER Of course. BUD It's	really good	. ESTHER Oh, my. Hold me tighter. SOUND: A car	0	
good pastures, too, '' said Zebek, dryly. '' If this were	really good	land, perhaps I might agree with you, for there might be ways	1	
a blouse an' coat? -- I'd buy the cloth an' a	real good	pattern, -- an' you know I can sew! (She gazes	1	
, along the aft edge of a tuna tower, etc. Some of the	really good	designs on the market even have horizontal rod storage inside lockers (e.g. the	1	
suit every day, and with Rosie perking up like she did, them were	real good	times for me, and pleasant to look back on; and though I	1	
had recently been oiled to keep down dust. The coefficient of friction of a	really good	detergent on top of floor-oil is remarkably low, - - somewhere around point oh-oh-nine.	1	
You've only been dating her a month. '' '' It's been a	real good	month. '' '' She's a twenty-five-year-old belly dancer, Jack, which	1	
've got to get good football players. And so you'd better have a	real good	personnel department. ''  #  And the coach better have a hard edge.	1	
woman, which I'm not. Now I think we're havin' a	real good	discussion real heartfelt gettin' all points of view' cept Helen here is	1	
well as several captains of the Navy, were present. It was the only	really good	dinner most of them had partaken of for several days; and for a	1	
&nbsp; ELISEShouf mountains, right? Shiite or Sunni? &nbsp; FRANKWow. You're	really good	. (to Hub) She's really good. &nbsp; HUBYou ready to	0	
- she just doesn't feel comfortable spending money now. '' Things are	really bad	, '' says the petite mother of two. Her husband's construction firm is	0	
. DOTTIE CROCKER You got two choices -- get enlightened or die. BIGMAN Sounds	real good	. (To Tiger.) You got to go back out there with	0	
I never played like that before. '' '' Well, I think you are	real good	, '' said Anna humbly, as she followed Melvina into a pleasant sunny	0	
of hot soapy water. I'd squeeze me some big tits, have a	real good	time. With money like this I would hammer the thick heads of a	1	
? &nbsp; LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARLES RANEYeah. (a beat) The V wanted me	real bad	. Figur'd if they'd get me, they'd get the rest,	0	
time I found Chuck no one important heard my screams. I scared the boys	real good	and in spite of lots of black and blue marks, a puffed eye	0	
to him... He just asks for a little time to find one	real good	one and starts searching through the stack of records. Miss Maybell whispers in	1	
like, guys in helicopters and stuff? It's that one. It's	really good	, but, yeah. Western. HELEN Huh. (Considers.)	0	
was Perry, from the bunk next to mine. All the guys had been	real good	about coming to see me in the hospital. '' I know it does	0	
Colonel Rand. In a month or so, it's going to be a	really good	thing. '' '' I know about the merger. I am buying,	1	
, who grew vegetables for sale in Chinatown.  #  In the 1920s, the	Real Good	Construction Company bought farms south of Queens Boulevard and built houses and apartment buildings	NA	
tone. '' You guys had a fight? '' '' I fucked up	real bad	, sis. '' Then between sobs and brief pauses to tell the cook to	0	
Commons.;' For myself, I greatly regret that what seems to me a	really good	cause should be brought into ridicule and discredit by such absurdities. The death	1	
, and we wish to be sure that your hospitable offer will be for her	real good	. '' '' Of cou'se, '' said Mrs. Lander. '' I should	NA	
. I just knew he wouldn't leave me. The first night was	really bad	. When I was little I'd slept in a big basket with my mother	0	
it bleating nervously and smelling it doubtfully. I stop occasionally to give her a	real good	reassuring sniff of it and on we go again. When she is thus	1	
. '' He brings us luck, and he brings us snow. In a	really good	year, you can sit on his head -- and this year we're	1	
King pushes him away, still holding him, and looks him up and down	real good	. Slowly, he turns to the Makeup Man, and: &nbsp; KINGWhat	0	
shirt) RAFE You were kidding. (DAISY nods) You've got a	real good	sense of humour. p. 4 DAISY It's an act, isn't	1	
our parting. And Bob would have stuck by his guns. Bob is a	really good	sort. If I hadn't been able to take care of myself;	1	
is a great luxury, and they can't get enough of it that's	really good	. And it's the same way, all summer long, at Lake	0	
. And so, things were at a stalemate. There hadn't been a	really good	skirmish for nearly five years. War was hardly anything but a memory,	1	
play for some college? '' He laughed. '' Because I got me a	real good	job now. I work at the Minit-Wash, soaping down cars, you	1	
the Revolution and the Black Panthers. Or just drop out and do lots of	really good	drugs... Who's that? Who's that water skiing?	1	
. You're not even going to hit balls in it. So it felt	really good	to come out on top. Did it mean more to win at home	0	
that watch from Switzerland year Hattie and I was married, and I felt	real bad	when I lost it. Hunted everywhere for it, and f must have combed	0	
Omensetter hesitated. I couldn't say. Some time. I'm not a	real good	judge. He fiddled with the lamp, reducing the light. Who have	1	
of the revived art of building. Yet Well) y Pugin has left nothing	really good	in architecture behind him. Downing was not Pugin, nor, as an	0	
, on the part of such men, of putting a complete barrier between the	really good	portion of the community and the ignorant and weak, who most need their	1	
if things kept up the way they were going he could look forward to a	really good	year ahead. And in fact his hopes were justified. The following year	1	
change of scenery.  #  '' First of all, I think it is a	really good	district as it is, '' Woodley said. '' But, honestly,	1	
. Jack broke in: '' Of course you will. You'll have a	real good	time, too. '' '' And you'll come and see me?	1	
a mistress. But then he wouldn't stand a chance at snapping up anything	really good	, what with all the Allies in Naples. The treatment Momma got at	0	
I go on the beam, the girls clanking heads as if in a	really bad	Laurel and Hardy spoof. But soon a more dire collision has occurred.  #	1	
dark red, the animal is too old; and no keeping will make it	really good	eating. Four years is considered the best age for prime mutton. VEAL	0	
am wel and so is Maggie. Frank is agoin to make me a sled -- a	real good	one. I shal cal it the egle. I hope we shal soon	1	
n't like the sound of those last words. '' Well, its not	really bad	had news but I have to leave (: astir Beach today in an hour	0	
this. JACKIE Even Granny Vi let me down. She hurt my feelings	really bad	. CAROLINE How's that? p. 30 JACKIE I did everything I could for	0	
Tripp Oh, I guess not. Mr. Bradbury won't; he's a	real good	feller. Keene. The City Lawyer, Napier Keene But the deacon?	1	
don't think so. I think that when the prosthetics and implant makers get	really good	at what they're doing we may get into a new field I call	0	
accusing. He wouldn't steal anything. I've raised him to be a	real good	boy. Churchgoing. An Eagle Scout. Did you boys get anything?	1	
better to say we were just married. The people in Ashland City felt	real bad	for me when I got shot, but as time went on and their sons	0	
what youth refuses to understand. I've lived long enough to doubt whether any	real good	ever came of sacrificing beautiful facts to even more beautiful theories. Do I	NA	
, and presto! '' She finishes tying his tie. You look good.	Really good	. METZNER touching tie I like this fabric. What's the fabric on	0	
New York's Lower East Side. This record made it all seem like a	really good	idea. '' Zombie's new CD, Educated Horses, is out March	1	
the whole of the line. I took a walk. There's been a	real good	horse trail worked into the ground up there, ain't there? And	1	
. I'm goin' down there for a rest. Get my leg in	real good	shape. Then when I come back we'll see the fur fly.	1	
on and see what else he can do. '' '' That's a	really bad	idea, '' Lockhart responded. Podesta went on to note that Congress had also	1	
things a dealer has to buy, at times, in order to get something	really good	. Many of them had been partially dismantled for parts. When he was	0	
justification, as before it, /z/ man remains completely incapable of perform ing any	really good	work, or of gaining any real merit before God. Thus Protestantism would	1	
Dad and I were in the house alone the whole morning. He had a	real good	mood. He made me a scrambled egg in the Special Daddy Way and	1	
n't think that there's value in all this other stuff. I have a	really good	friend who is Methodist, and he and I are just always amazed at	1	
it with all the energy and enthusiasm she possessed; partly because she had a	really good	voice and enjoyed the song, and partly because an audience appreciates singing more	1	
vodka in the kitchen with Indrani's teaching assistant. '' Seriously, you look	really good	, not that you don't always look good, '' said Indrani.	0	
even know you, '' he said to them.  #  '' They're	really bad	, '' one of them said, '' your nails. ''  #  '' But	0	
he can do some, some amazing things, which is why he needs a	real good	guide, to help him along his next step. '' Whatever it is	1	
to the conversation, as it is very improving to young girls to be in	really good	society. You will have a music teacher, and practice on the upright	1	
was running by. You know this is real clear. I remember this part	real good	. He was running by, black shorts and no shirt. '' He	0	
BURN HISTORY AND FAMILY SKIN CANCER HISTORY If you've had a handful of	really bad	sunburns in your past, or someone in your family has had skin cancer,	1	
. The poor beggar would try running away from them, and he had a	real good	trot on these occasions. One other mount of that summer was a chestnut	1	
one side. The rest on' em, I see, and it wuz	real good	in' em, drinked through' em, as we used to at	NA	
laughter. Your '' 1776 and All That, '' by Helen Bryant, is	really good	. I'm afraid I must admit she has successfully recorded '' The English	0	
take their training program, and then they got a place for me, a	real good	one, in the city. ''  #  She looked at Orvil. She	1	
'' '' Yeah. He don't talk much. He said you's a	real good	lawyer and all, but he found somebody else from Memphis. '' ''	1	
say '' God '' in that way.  #  I told her I knew a	really good	bike ride, if she had time. She did, and we headed	1	
for a hearing of his case was near at hand. Mattie knew nothing	really bad	of Mr. Gusher. He had seemed to her one of those uncertain characters who	0	
maybe Williams. In fact, this seems to be true of most of the	real good	hitters. You can't tease them into chasing anything. On that third	1	
all the way -- and so is that okay? To me that is	really bad	judgment. ''  #  Bill Bell, 42, an Oakton Republican who works for	1	
coy smile. '' None of your business. Anyway, you've been doing	really good	work lately. I had my doubts at first, but you've grown	1	
they was just supposed to keep the little-uns together. The kids all stunk	real bad	, they didn't have any clean clothes, and they'd pissed and crapped	0	
. They really loathe it, the very idea of it revolts them. A	really good	hydrophobe has to be trained on dehydratedp153water from birth. I mean, that	1	
on for makin' mistakes. (beat) And if you make a	really bad	mistake, then you got to deal with the Man... and he	1	
but at any rate better than I am. But of course I am not	really good	at all. After all, I just amuse myself. '' Charles returned	0	
be, '' Dottie says. '' So, I went in with a	really bad	attitude. '' Photograph // And, it showed. Her temper became a legend	1	
) ranchin'? (Archie nods yes.) THE OUTLAW And he was	real good	at the stuff you had to be a real sunuvabitch to do. Lie	0	
... maybe even a posse!... An' that'd be bad,	real bad	! Hall doesn't like the situation and speaks with a sincerety born of fear	0	
? ''  #  '' Shit yeah, I got some gooooood shit, girl,	real good	, '' she said. '' Uh-huh. ''  #  '' Okay, I	0	
--  in the gym, in the sack, on the job.  #  The	really good	news: The cure takes just 8 hours.  #  It's about what	1	
and squats - to work your quads, glutes and hamstrings. But for a	really good	boost (to your butt. especially) you need to add in a	1	
During the four weeks that I spent altogether on the hill I only had four	really good	nights, and these were always rainy, and the best of them soaking	1	
man, heavily built, and not looking, to my gymnasium-trained eye, in	really good	condition for athletic work. I perhaps felt a little prejudiced against him from	1	
Do two sets of 10 reps.  #   #  And Lois, here's the	really good	news: If you can get the boys to faithfully do this routine five	1	
for men who are primary parents and housekeepers and (who) may not feel	real good	about their lives. '' '' It' s a song for men who	0	
reflectors fastened on locomotives. All that you heard was excessively ill-bred, and in	really good	society ill-breeding is more iniquitous than ill-nature; but, however annoying, it	1	
''' closed to fishing'? ''  #  '' It means the fishing's	real good	, '' Retch said. '' Particularly since Sneed showed up. ''  #	0	
neighbor were the parents of the puppies. The owner's sickness was a	really bad	one. The reality is that the state will do more for the dogs than	1	
like a chemist (demure white coat, a fairly simple hairstyle, a few	really good	pens in your pocket) or a psychiatrist (conservative skirt -- light plaid	1	
? Can Eugene lead the band? I miss all the people, *All the	really good	peopleAre the crowds holding upAre the canaries well, They used to get sicker	1	
good time, a really good time, and Amy said she had had a	really good	time too. '' You said you were hoping I'd drop by.	1	
whether or not H,,, really involves cowardice, whether cowardice is	really bad	, or whether perhaps the two alternatives are equally good, and so on.	0	
to make myself feel better and not worse.  #  Brett: Last year was	really good	for us in terms of the band thing. We got a lot of	0	
Moulin.  #  '' I apologize for barging in, but we have a	really bad	feeling Andy could have fallen overboard, '' Crowther says impatiently, standing at the	1	
. Fortunately we need not be obliged to make such a choice, because a	really good	system of rural education will include an ample amount of training for the business	1	
way to go or how to reach for it. That's what a ''	really good	plan '' is all about. // I'm sure it's no surprise	1	
his guidance through the day, and you will have it. There is no	real good	or true happiness that does not first originate in duty to our Maker.	NA	NA
kinda hate to move away from Terry,' cause me and him's been	real good	buddies. He's mighty nigh as bad a man as I is,	1	
'' You write that old book now, boy. You write that old book	real good	and we'll get you some quail and some brown gravy and some biscuits	0	
with our guys for good stuff.... He could be really,	really good	. He could be a strikeout guy.  #  Q: Is Bruce Chen	0	
bout an hour ago. He's real strung out, hurtin' |	real bad	. He's been trying to feed that arm of his all day, but	0	
to do things. 76 A Third Girl &nbsp; THIRD GIRLI wanted a flute	real bad	, and my cousin knew this guy and was going to get one for me	0	
'' '' I'll have Richard telegraph. Of course, if he's	really bad	, you'll have to go, but we do want you to stay on	0	
the Africans in her employment, said to me, '' We are not	really bad	, you know. Take me and my husband? we treat our Natives very	0	
'll make as good a trade for you's he can. He's a	real good	friend to all of you, Alessandro, when he's himself. ''	1	
'' Hawkes said. '' But don't try it unless you hate yourself	real bad	. Johnny can testify to that. '' Alan frowned. '' What does the	0	
the subject, for the lack of heat and moisture essential to the growth of	really good	tobacco would result in the production of leaf of mediocre quality only. Two-thirds	1	
hesitated with a bottle in her hand. '' Mistake might damage your career	real bad	, '' Hilfy said, hand still on the gunbutt. '' I didn't	0	
NAVAL OFFICERYou can't leave decent musicians wandering around homeless. There are so few	really good	ones as it is. An American MAJOR enters in background and goes to	1	
bring Charley until, in his old age. he started getting into ''	really bad	fights '' with the other pups. While she talks, she soaks in the	1	
oats. Come and smell these good old oats, Mel. These are some	really good	old oats. See? She takes a handful of oats out of the	1	
, of course. We have the special sterilizing machine. It cooks the germs	real good	. '' '' Okay then. '' Nadine agreed to stay even though she	1	
to be ruled are in some degree qualified to look after their own affairs.	Real good	government is not compatible with the conditions of the case. There is but	1	
BIRDIE MAE Honey, you oughtn'ta play with them Porter boys. They're	real bad	. SAL HENRY (Sniffling.) I wasn't doin' nothin'.	0	
. In other words, a bluegrass band, '' he said. '' A	really good	one. ''  #  '' I've got a lot of Wordsworth to read	1	
'm real sorry for your troubles and it looks to me like they did a	real good	match. CASEY (Chuckles.) And yes, I'm reading for	1	
returning late, too talked out to pick up the phone. He had felt	really good	about catching an early plane home. He had thought she would be pleased	0	
come in here are not. But you see a lot of servicemen that are	really good	. '') '' She was strictly Navy? I never seen her leave	0	
' said Jane. Was it good?' asked Agnes eagerly. Was it	really good	?' I thought it was very beautiful,' said Jane. Again	0	
. '' It's not like America got worse. A lot of countries got	really good	. Kim, hello? When was the last time a Korean was dominating	0	
reruns of The Rifleman doing this, '' he explained. '' I'm getting	real good	at twirling. '' Luke shuddered. '' I'll be your escort,	0	
best of the past and merge it with the best of the present. The	real good	of any era has an abiding vitality, a timelessness that makes it enduringly	NA	NA
he buys it for his own reading. But we can not believe that a	really good	. play would fail, in Chicago, or elsewhere, because it had	1	
Ilaverfield exclaimed, '' and when they do get these new music machines to working	really good	-- you've seen them, haven't you, with the music in	0	
's pout worried its way into a frown. '' That may not be a	real good	plan, '' she said. '' I mean, once his party gets	1	
, but the net result is that clothing made of Gore-Tex is usually really,	really good	. Breathability is an equally vague concept. There is no international standard for	0	
father was a farm boy. That summer after you left the crops was	real bad	, a long dry spell, and he used to come with his father in	0	
galaxy like them. That's what I hear, and it's probably a	real good	thing too. The Beautiful Ones will let people come, only they ca	1	
anybody's as good as Louie Armstrong it's just like anything else that's	really good	, it takes a long time to get to know how good it is	0	
he sortTHE WOOL MARKET 131of became a different person. Rudi Tambunga has handled Boyce	real good	. They say Boyce has cut down a lot on his fights in bars	0	
How's the ulcer, Harry? &nbsp; TRADER #2 (drinking) Good.	Real good	. How's the hypertension? &nbsp; TRADER #1 (doing coke) Has	0	
MAE My mama an'daddy liked Hiram,' cause he was educated an' spoke	real good	. (Begins to put on her shoes.) I liked him too	0	
) Mary was standing, her face in the shadow above the lamps, her	really good	brow and eyes diminished by the emphasis upon her protruding upper lip, her	1	
. You take over ten, up to eighteen, nineteen -- you're looking	real good	. Anything you take over twenty and upwards says you're all balls.	0	
devote the leavings of the table to some other object. No person accustomed to	really good	soup, made from fresh meat, can ever be deceived in the taste	1	
still keeping that promise, still taking care of her sister. '' It was	really good	fudge, wasn't it? '' asked Maggie. In the dark,	1	
? I mean if he did somethin' bad. I mean real,	real bad	'' '' He wouldn't do nothin' like that. Y'think th' water	0	
free institutions, with plausibility, to taunt us as hypocrites, forces so many	really good	men amongst ourselves into an open war with the very funda mental principles of	1	
industriously at a movie | camera. '' That should turn out to be a	real good	shot, '' he remarked. Then he turned toward the doughboys who were	1	
percent rise. But growers are worried. '' In Oklahoma farmers are in	real bad	shape, '' says Deputy Secretary of Agriculture John C. White. '' Almost 13,000	1	
this report. / E-mail Mark Fainaru-Wada at **29;10014;TOOLONG   #  Sharmeen Obaid had a	really good	story. What she needed was a really good resume.  #  A native	1	
's touring, it doesn't feel like she's gone, because we're	really good	about communicating. It works. '' It's the old **26;2543;TOOLONG trap,	0	
in the other. The girls shouted. '' That means you'd like a	real good	husband, - - a Tom, or a Dick, or a Harry, ''	1	
rain came and settled it, for just now. That rested me. A	real good	' can't help' is such a comfort. '' '' The Father	1	
' for, '' said Patch. '' And, he still don't sleep	real good	. Like he's fightin' someone in his dreams. '' '' He	0	
She wraps it up with, '' He was a bad guy. A	really bad	guy. You know that. '' Recognizing that it is my turn to speak	1	
Really bad people became adept at hiding their farlies. Inevitably, people who were	really good	at being really bad became master criminals. It was that, or die	0	
testimony. '' I wanted to see Rodney King. He seemed to be doing	real good	. I just hope he gets a fair shake. ''  #  Loyola Law	0	
man out to the Three Star, Bourke? '' '' I never saw a	real good	man the shape you're in, Wyatt. Sober up an' I	1	
constant demand. May Heaven prosper their endeavors, and direct their eloquence to the	real good	of their country! I am unfortunate enough to differ rather say fortunate from	NA	
he had occasionally heard the heavy, droning Apache music, less exciting than a	really good	hymn. He swelled with the superiority of his own people. Some of	1	
Mister. I see you over there. '' And I scream because it's	real good	to be seen. And she pulls off her smock and goes, ''	0	
they had backed off, but they didn't run. That was good,	real good	. I went down the ladder again. The bags were made out of	0	
'' was the reply, after a moment's hesitation. '' It is only	really good	singers who can afford to do that. '' In spite of her dimpled	1	
through her rumpled hair. He fancied she expected him to speak. '' A	really good	talk, '' she went on, smiling with what seemed to Archer an	1	
pretty un? promising in this respect? were intent on making the most of	really good	things. In the Rijksmuseum at Amsterdam, for instance, I noticed some	1	
. I don't want to worry about cheating on you. We have had	really good	moments. I'm not looking for it to happen all the time --	1	
, when he cared about me, he cared about me. And he was	really good	in bed. She glances away from Sid toward the bed. &nbsp; BETH	0	
are drawing the noose tight about our necks. Still, things aren't	really bad	yet. That time will come, that time will surely come -- I knew	0	
weren't suitable for walking, and in any case she wanted to have a	real good	think about the problem that confronted her. She recognized it easily, She	1	
bee hives and I'll make real lemonade. Real lemonade. Aunt Arla's	Really Good	Real Lemonade and I'll sell lemonade for twenty-five cents a glass. And	1	
old man who goes with us will drive the mules. What's been	really bad	for my father was living in that dreadful hotel at Independence with everything damp and	0	
wanted her to calm down and do what he wanted. '' This is a	really good	movie. You have to concentrate a little, but it's worth it	1	
it. If you're in the tail of a plane, you've got	real good	visibility. In the daytime you can see anything that's close enough to	1	
I've been after that boy since he left Parchman. I want him	real bad	. You help us get Cobb and I'll help you as much as I	0	
. FRED Even her mother. PEGGY Fred knows the ropes. He's found	really good	places to get your money changed. JOEY What rate of exchange are you	1	
John Daly and I have jammed together a little bit. John thinks he's	really good	, and he's OK. I think I'm OK and I'm	0	
made me his executor, he said, I'd like Pen to have a	really good	Oxford, in the old-fashioned sense. Free from care, free to grow	1	
'' Tino said, and picked up the chain line again. '' That's	real good	of you, Tino. '' '' Para servile, '' Tino said softly	0	
at Mitchell's, if I were you, '' Kaye said. '' The	really good	place is the nursery in East Brook. That's where Jimmy gets his	1	
set his mind at rest by assuring himself that the property he disposed of was	really good	riddance of a negligible asset, so Francis' one recourse was to persuade	1	
that, '' he said slowly. '' I always liked Mallory. You seemed	really good	together too. '' '' That's what I thought, '' said Gib	0	
made a heavy pass, I heard my voice whisper, '' I'm not	real good	at close body work. '' My Shadow woke as I slept.  #	0	
we learned at Huachuca. And just faulty logic, you know? Just	really bad	argument. '' Over and over, Jeff says, the JAG lawyers told them	1	
James J. Corbett, the ads said. Should have seen him jump rope.	Real good	at it. Made Sugar Ray, the original Sugar Ray, look like	0	
said you seemed so tranquil and contented that she supposed you never had had any	really good	offers, or you would be all the time wishing you had taken one	1	
less right. '' '' Why, what's wrong? '' '' Nothing	really bad	, '' Gefty assured her. He added, '' I think. But take	0	
considerably in advance of the more slowly moving ambulance. '' Has Virginia made a	really good	match? '' Mr. Dinsmore asked, addressing his sister Adelaide. '' Good	1	
are on yourself. So let's take the gloves off and give you a	real good	shel-lacking. '' Tompkins glared at him in silence. '' Attaboy, ''	1	
David, '' David Coe went on, '' liked to do really,	really bad	things. '' He chuckled. '' Here's this guy who slept with another	1	
is likely to take. This makes it necessary for the occupational therapist who is	really good	at his job to be a person of unusual capabilities. He must be	0	
'' You know, you should open your own account here. I'd take	real good	care of you. Real good. '' '' I just know you would	1	
And I struck out forty-eight in sixty-two innings. I got along with the Browns	real good	too. They were a fine hunch, even if they were last-placers.	0	
on, speak up. I want suggestions from you, Loretta. You got	real good	taste. '' '' So you're fixing to put Phoebe to work tonight	1	
on our treks and finally visiting us daily in our condo. The boys became	really good	at flirting in Spanish. We invited our favorite comrade and homeboy, Ricardo	0	
way outa here. &nbsp; DUVALFrom the plane? &nbsp; VELDINIYeah, it should look	real good	from above, don't you think? &nbsp; DUVAL (realizing the enormity	0	
While the telephone job was boring, he said, '' the union job was	really good	because you had to pit your wits against the management. '' // After a	0	
it was all dirty, she wouldn't go, and she wanted to	real bad	. '' Billy wiped his eyes. '' That ain't all, either,	0	
on me after Mike kicked off, and then if you want to hear something	real good	, you stick around and listen the day I tell Eff Eff what he	0	
'' On top of your desk? I think I'd better play you something	really good	, Karim. '' So he put on Pink Floyd's Umrnctgumma. While	0	
. get the fuck out of my sight. Cause I've had a	real bad	night. The black man grabs his girlfriend and hurries out of the joint.	1	
Skin red as a redbird, wearing a loincloth, looking wild as a	real bad	dream. No, I reckon if it turned out you was shot dead by	1	
get one of these services to come in and, well, scrub it out	real good	first. They know how to take care of these things. '' Then	0	
he followed me down a few steps to tell me, '' I had a	really good	time. You know, this mornin'. '' I stopped at the	1	
too often they buy several pieces when for the same money they might purchase one	really good	article. Honest silver and semiprecious stones are far more appropriate and better taste	1	
, '' How was he on the trip west? '' '' Bad,	real bad	. He did his share and more, he's that sort of man,	0	
the Democratic Presidential nominee in 1960. And we have tentatively decided that the only	really good	candidates are dead. Among the living, one is too far out in	1	
substantial. John Wesley is one who, after Yale (1915), made	really good	in Wall Street as a leading partner of C. D. Barney &; Co.	0	
it is only the student who dares to take a chance, who has a	real good	time in life. But remember that I say it is even possible for	1	
. They sounded like sh's. '' 1 need to give somebodya message in there	real bad	. '' She pointed one small forefingeracross the gardens toward the house. '' I	0	
a good curve ball hitter... I mean that no one can consistently hit the	really good	breaking stuff. // Slider, which has become a big pitch, is	1	
to the soldier and asked him if he did not know somebody that wanted a	really good	servant. He looked at me and then at Flora, who was standing	1	
brought a kid here, a young girl. Somebody'd beaten her up	real bad	. '' Her face flinched. '' He said he'd just found her on	0	
, and giving kids lots of opportunities to learn to like those things that are	really good	for them, '' Birch says.  #  An underlying problem is eating when	0	
help if they ever needed it. Now, you're gon na feel	really bad	about yelling at me when I tell you where he hangs his hat. ''	0	
British Isles? possess the best taste and the best ability to recognize what is	really good	. The reason for this lies, I think, in the well-known fact	0	
his cheeks. '' Well, that's good to | hear. That's	really good	to hear. Perhaps it's too soon for me to be thinking of	0	
upshot of it would be that we would never have time to read up anything	really good	to say. But we do dine out considerably as it is, not	0	
were getting more and more jealous every Yuletide; the city has been through one	really good	snowfall, in which thousands of people experienced, for a brief hour or	1	
like maybe a good can opener a guy can carry easy. And they pay	real good	, you make what they want and keep your mouth shut. '' He	0	
'' Nev'r thought about it. Just do it. Just get t'know the beast	real good	, then y'can guess what they're going t'do. That's all.	0	
this enraging, ridiculous, humiliating pursuit of something at which he would never be	really good	. At thirty-eight, Patrick Shannon was a natural athlete who had a way	0	
. That's the way our friends the anarchists talk. Whenever things get	really bad	they want to set fire to something and to die. It's a very	0	
--  I don't think I could get interested in this bridge game that the	real good	people play -- would you object to a gentleman's game of '' draw	1	
which fact occasions this chapter, if not the whole book. |p154I know of no	really good	restaurant in Cambridge; I think there are none. Therefore, since a	1	
them $2.50 to rent the space and pay for the electricity. '' Business was	real good	and after awhile 1 was making about $30 a week, a lot of	0	
try. If we backed him up for maybe a quarter mile and whipped him	real good	, he just might make it. MAE WEST Let's give it a	0	
'm more into Hemingway, and Woodward and Bernstein. Well, if I'm	really good	, maybe someday it'll be Hemingway, Woodward and Bernstein, and Griffith	0	
#  '' Come in, '' she ordered. Her voice was cold, a	really good	match for her face.  #  Briefly, I considered trying to outrun her	1	
sides, and there was this Confederate colonelwe were followin' and he had this	real good	pistol which he was alwayspolishin', and we all knew about it'	1	
, I'll get better jobs. I might even appear in a couple of	really good	productions of really good plays. But, mainly, you take what you	1	
her relations with the hospital are cordial, mainly because '' '' I'm a	really good	doctor. ''  #  Karen Frye, director of marketing and physician recruitment for	1	
's a fine healthy-lookin' dog, '' Joey said hastily. '' He looked	real good	in his picture in the paper today. '' He paused, his voice	0	
he had a reasonable chance of winning. Says Dole: '' I have a	really good	record in the Senate as far as food stamps, handicapped, or nutrition	1	
in her investigation. '' The discovery crew sailed it, so it was in	really good	shape. '' Briggs '' life before the Mary Celeste offered no clues,	1	
(low, threatening whisper) Now, I heard something that's upset me	real good	. And I want you to tell me it ain't so, Mr.	0	
of her, I can tell you; and I shall make her have a	real good	time. It's quite flattering of Susy to trust her to us,	1	
speaks well for Josephine Duval's character that she never suspected anyone of being	really bad	at heart save herself, and she rarely if ever thought much about that.	0	
still, really, Melanctha, honest, I think perhaps I wasn't	real bad	to you any more than you just needed from me. '' Jeff held Melanctha	0	
jobs are like toupees in that only the bad ones are easily spotted. The	really good	jobs blend and cover so naturally that no one knows. You'll find	1	
Peggy Bond ain't got a pritty shawl. I always wanted to have a	real good	time, an' now I'm havin' it. '' VIII.	1	
. He shook himself roughly inside his suit. '' So what's the	really bad	news? '' he said to Ray. He knew there was more. ''	1	
to school, then we get all nice and neat and go off to our	really good	day job, and we don't mind that all the bosses are still	1	
better jobs. I might even appear in a couple of really good productions of	really good	plays. But, mainly, you take what you can get. ''	1	
that moral support? (as she notices Janine) Looks like I'm getting	real good	at crashing your interviews. (to Janine) Hello. I'm Elizabeth	0	
in the ribs. '' Honey, I'm not married. I'll take	real good	care of you. Better than Mike would -- or could. '' ''	1	
all the fuss about? I laughed. For some reason I was suddenly in	really good	spirits. '' What the hell are you laughing about? '' Frank said	1	
felt it hard that girls should not be helped, not girls that were	really bad	of course, these she condemned and hated in her heart and with her tongue	0	
time that he is much respected by the English officers in his neighbourhood as a	real good	judge of a horse t and a cool, bold, and deadly shot	1	
've got to secure it before dawn, because I need prisoners and information	real bad	. The element of surprise is essential, since we'll be moving up behind	0	
said, pocketing his change. '' You be careful. There's a	really bad	gang out there. We just had another truck driver hit. '' '' Yeah	1	
that sort of work look to you? '' '' First-rate! I'll take	real good	care of the little feller, and do every thing I know to please	1	
But his heart was not in it. He finally decided: '' All the	really good	ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.	1	
it will tire. // The inept running attack also hinders the efforts of a	really good	set of pass catchers. It is not surprising that Gail Cogdill, who	1	
Edward Oglethorpe, the founder of the Colony of Georgia, was among the few	really good	and great men that history tells us of. We need to keep a	1	
=- BIG HEAD - BUGLER He is a smart lad and He is blowing ATTENTION	real good	on the little short cavalry BUGLE. As he finishes, his eyes fix	0	
at corner and tailback in terms of coverage and tackling ability and he showed some	real good	hips in terms of running the football, '' Koch said. '' He	1	
his own ambition, and the blindness of the great, in never desiring a	real good	. The most gloomy reflections pursued him to his miserable abode. He saw	NA	
He must sacrifice everything to this, his ambitions, his passionate desires to do	real good	in the world on a large scale, his mental freedom, yes,	NA	
Now be good and don't try to tear the screening -- if you're	real good	and do your business on the paper like you're supposed to, I	1	
the trees were to be tapped, the sugar made, and if it were	really good	when made? To all my queries, John responded, '' Och!	0	
hung there almost for the longest time. And I turned and had me a	real good	look in the dark. And for one crazy moment I could've sworn	1	
have your own sun on fire. Take real good care of me. Take	real good	care of me, Narmer. MUSIC: A LOVE SUPREME BY JOHN COLTRANE	1	
sport or his prayer and he is likely to say, '' I had a	really good	day, but I can do better. I'm going to really practice	1	
pulse seem all right, and that bump on his head doesn't look	really bad	, but he hasn't moved at all. Can you think of anything else	0	
bring a big, friendly smile. If the captain of waiters gives you a	really good	table, be nice and give him a dollar. 7. The biggest	1	
WAS N'T DOIN' NOTHIN'! (Defiant.) An' it felt	real good	! HIRAM YOU DAMN FILTHY DIRTY WHORE CHILE! Git outta my house!	0	
traveling man you must make a business of noticing things and thinking about them.	Real good	hoss sense is a rare thing. Then, this mo'nin', when	1	
open your own account here. I'd take real good care of you.	Real good	. '' '' I just know you would, '' Tracy said softly.	0	
you feeling? &nbsp; GRANDFATHERGood and bad. My feets have been swelling up	real bad	so I got to keep them up, or so they say. &nbsp; VLADIMIRYou	0	
learning to deal with the loss.  #  '' Every time I started feeling	really bad	about it or really sad and hurt over it, a few seconds into that	0	
little bitch. Sooner or later, something was going to give. His	really bad	side was starting to peek out and that was something he feared more than failure	1	
Oh, not that bad! '' she yelled.  #  '' No,	really bad	! ''  #  They laughed frantically. Now all I could think of was how	0	
Phelan. Anything for a laugh. &nbsp; PHELANWell, maybe if he behaves himself	real good	you'll see him sooner. &nbsp; JOHNNIEHe -- he wants to take me	0	
. But beyond and above this there was something frank and generous, something of	real good	in her nature. Young as she was, she saw in Tite's	NA	
what I find in France! Here the theatre is living; you see something	really good	, and good throughout. Not one touch of that stage strut and vulgar	0	
allegiance is cor rupt. As a matter of fact there are very few	really bad	men in public life, though there are altogether too many bad methods and deluded	1	
taken to the hospital at once? Then we can come over and have a	really good	visit. I can understand how hard it would be to have a sick	1	
like to have this horse when he comes back home. He'd make a	real good	lead pony. '' // Over the next three years -- until that fateful fall	1	
enough! Ronald Lee and Ryan Edwards maintain that '' the chance for a	really bad	outcome is far higher than commonly expected. '' As a result, even most	1	
or meal, or finely crushed cake, mixed with hay-chaff; and, if	really good	, creditable beasts are wanted -- such as will realise L25 a-head from the	1	
the narrow roadway. '' Its just that... well, he s	really good	. Even I can see that much. '' Blaine Craig nodded, apparently	0	
n't showing any signs, but I'm scared. I think it's	really bad	. '' '' She's not alone, '' the man said. His cold	0	
'' Maybe put some soccer players up for a while. The Brazilian team's	really good	. '' He was just beginning to doze off in her arms, when	0	
You certainly look marvellous. I wish I had a fur coat. Just one	really good	thing makes such a difference. If you've got one good thing you	1	
'' What's he have to look forward to? Maybe, if he's	really good	, he'll become a headwaiter. '' '' What's wrong with that	0	
cases together on the Web -- whatever flavor extremism they are -- is a	really bad	thing. More information may not be a good thing, either. As recently	1	
've brought you something hot to drink, '' she said. '' That's	real good	of you, Aunt Kate, '' was the cheerful reply. '' But	0	
been hurt? '' I asked the cop. '' Someone's been hurt	real bad	. '' He took a step toward me, edging in front of his buddy	0	
, and brought heart love as its reward. It was one of her ''	real good	times. '' Mr. Armstrong talked and read with them, and gave hand	1	
I expected to witness such a display of fine statesmanship. It made me feel	real good	when the Governor said he thought something should be done and told us to	0	
'' a young voice said in reply. '' It, um, it feels	real good	, Speed. Real good. '' Macklin became very still. He could	0	
Take my chair, Miss Leafy. This is the first time I had a	real good	look at you, but I declare, already, I would rather all	1	
worked and the two clicked instantly, she says. '' My husband is a	real good	thinker. We can go really deep in about two seconds flat. ''	1	
and concrete during the process of setting and hardening; but with any cement of	really good	quality, this shrinkage is not so great as to prove objectionable. Another	1	
, gee, a lot of people are doing fine. They're doin'	real good	. And me -- look at me: I got nothin'. And	0	
previous missions you've flown. &nbsp; BLYTHE (scowling) Did they check up	real good	on this fellow Balt? -- 90C -- Griff knows Cowboy is rattled.	0	
, but no one has sufficient time to do a thorough job. Since no	really good	new ideas are produced, the necessary appropriations for advertising and producing the poorly	1	
, regardless. I understand some of the damned souls in other regions are	really bad	. '' '' That man gave you his coat, '' Mym persisted. ''	0	
avoid antacids that contain it. But, frankly, when my heartburn gets	really bad	, I capitulate and take whatever will give me relief -- whether or not it	0	
During the question-and-answer period, '' I ask the company to plant four or five	real good	questions, '' says Riley. '' Then, I try answer them with	1	
face him. '' Now it's my turn to talk! You had a	real good	time, didn't you, standing up there in the middle of the	1	
day she insisted on taking Waldo up town to Brooks' and buying him a	really good	suit. All the same she had been telling herself for some time that	1	
&nbsp; EAGLE (thinking it over carefully) Candy mauve, huh? Might look	real good	if you hit him with a taxi yellow' 52 Nash. Sort of	0	
'' Aw, '' cried Billy, '' don't torment her. She cooks	real good	. '' '' Who says it ain't decent to see a pore gal	0	
problems with the new generator system planned for Energy Island And I've got some	really good	news for everybody, because tonight's the night! Our own dear Hoak	1	
call you later to get the exact time. OK? Listen I have a	really good	feeling about this one. I think this is the big break. I	1	
Want to give yourself a	really good	headache? One of those **56;13026;TOOLONG affairs? Try installing two brand-new operating systems	1	
a terror, '' declared Bunt, solemnly, '' and when he was in	real good	form there wa'n't a man south o' Leadville dared to call his	1	
from your local watchmaker or Mason &; Sullivan (see below). And the	really good	secret is that you don't oil the cogs of the gears? just	1	
it, '' O'Connell says. '' But that would be the sign of a	really good	release for adults as well. '' '' World music '' and a cappella	1	
free and... And I think, Maybe we are crazy. But crazy's	really good	. Then Leo says, '' Okay, now what? '' Max and	0	
Some of them still go to Mass, sometimes with me on that rare,	really good	Sunday. But some of them never go. The day just passes,	1	
OFF and the race starts. Immediately, the swimmers spread out. Some are	really good	and others are doing this just for the fun - like a good marathon	0	
mighty smart lady running the place. She said to me -- she spoke English	real good	-- she said, You're Americans, aren't you?' and	0	
sat and fooled. Turkey Nothing but sputtering on the radio. Nobody had a	really good	one that could pick up stations in Europe or far off. Phones dead	1	
time. It was 1982 when Prince released a song predicting nuclear armageddon or a	really good	party -- depending on how you read it -- on New Year's Eve	1	
looking on and reflectively picking her teeth with a pin. '' She's a	real good	worker, Geraldine is, '' she remarked with a sniff, '' I	1	
, who else could I expect to come to-night? You were the only one	really good	to me. You -- you acted as if you believed in me all	0	
look? LIEUTENANT CUTLER What? CAPTAIN WEEMS My past. LIEUTENANT CUTLER It looks	real good	, Rick. Warm. Human. CAPTAIN WEEMS Are you positive? LIEUTENANT	0	
removed. However, that would harm others beside himself, and do me no	real good	, and so I let him stay. I went next to the Secretary	NA	
and hemp, all of which you're likely to spill on yourself at a	really good	party. It's like camo for a lost weekend! WWW.BLUEFLY.COM  #  The	1	
It's flattering, but then you're like, Wait till I do something	really good	and then you can build these pages-you know what I mean? '' (	0	
and 45 minutes later, all hell broke lose out here. We had	real bad	weather and the captain did beautifully. We didn' t lose any anchor.	1	
think about how much of a waste of time it is to do something	really bad	. ''  #  '' My grandfather is probably the most important person in my life	0	
.) All of a sudden I have to pee too. I mean	really bad	like she has to. So I whip my pants down and crouch down right	0	
brightening, and now she darted a smile at him. '' But Tobe's	real good	, '' she went on. '' He so much like yo pa.	0	
, Spain, she would see them all. One could live very reasonably in	really good	pensions abroad, she had been told. And then, some day,	1	
was, and this one had dug the sergeant's troop out of a	really bad	scrape three days before. He watched the officer sprint fifty yards to the waiting	1	
, but it remained serviceable. No glove needed. '' These look good,	real good	, '' she said to Michael Carter  #  It wasn't just the analyses	0	
took off that day about dark and Lieutenant Bridges got the plane off the ground	real good	and Lieutenant Gardella letthe wheels up and done a right good job of it	0	
Now I'm not from Orange County like some judges I could name,	really bad	reactionaries, care for nothing but fundamentals. You can tell me if you've	1	
, do you not see that when you come to speak of that which is	really good	, you are compelled to describe your ideal human being? It is the	0	
there, the well-groomed clubman of thirty; a little cynical perhaps, but a	really good	fellow for all that, and undeniably fond of Condy. But somewhere with	1	
They rolled and tumbled, and were, to all appearances, out for a	real good	time. The whale kept away from them, toward the northern side of	1	
sure as hell isn't me. Whoever wanted to muddy the issue did a	really good	job. I'm tired as hell. I give up. I'm	1	
brilliant, even if his timing was horrible.  #  '' General Homes was a	real good	home builder, '' Lusk said. '' They knew that was a good	1	
important, '' Alan said, breaking a long uncomfortable silence. '' It's	really good	of you to take all this time, but I wouldn't want to	0	
, and spun sugar to rest in instead of cottonwool -- for you know that	really good	fruit here comes packed in cotton wool, as if it were a doll	1	
when Bobby and I first // started canoeing along Bayou de View -- //	real bad	. Without any preparation, we // clambered down below the overpass, // loaded	NA	
They got to laughing at each other so hard that day, it really caused	really good	memories for them.'  #  One night not long after the Christmas party	1	
as I care. Only don't be hard on Sanch; he's been	real good	to me, and we' re fond of one another; ain't	0	
but unless some card sense is born in you, you will never be a	really good	player, even after twenty-five years of practice. Crede experto. The mere	1	
is affected by them, I finally resolved to inquire whether there might be some	real good	having power to communicate itself, which would affect the mind singly, to	NA	
For me, almost every year meant being freer and better. I had nothing	really good	to look back to. I didn't mind living in Watch Hill as	0	
stopped me, nearly for good.  #  I never had a heart attack-just a	really good	scare. And the angioplasty and stent now seem to have fixed me up	1	
respect I needed for it at the beginning, and after a couple of	really bad	auditions, I busted my ass for a couple of years just to get past	1	
reaction are you getting from the Chilean people and press now?  #  A:	Really good	. It's been 90 percent positive. There's still complaints from a	0	
assigned to the Oregon-California boundary where the Modoc Indians was actin' up.	Real bad	Indian named Captain Jack come out under a white flag and shot the American general	1	
his head, and a little smile on his face like he's enjoying himself	real good	. Everybody in that picture looks like they feeling good and sexy, except	0	
while accepting very bad work, had recognized it as such when hanging the few	really good	things admitted, there would have been no such outcry against the institution as	1	
the song -- countless songs -- said, she'd done him wrong.	Real bad	wrong. That, she thought with a sudden flash of insight, was why	1	
. '' '' But, Alessandro, '' continued Ramona, '' were there	really bad	men at the other Missions? Surely not the Franciscan Fathers? '' '' Perhaps	1	
while Tom and I are gone to the war. She's going to be	real good	and kind to you, and you'll be the best girl that ever	0	
her out o' Mis' Day's garden-patch twice a'ready! -- It seems	real good	an' homey to see you settin' there sewin' while I'm	0	
languages, accurately summarizing text passages, and developing common sense. '' Computers are	really good	at solving certain kinds of problems, '' says Ben Bederson of the Human-Computer	0	
pride forbade that they should allow Scampi to take them for rich Americans when a	really good	example of the genre existed only a day's journey away. But their	1	
. Even if he's from outer space like Luce said, he was always	real good	to me. I never heard him say a mean or spiteful thing,	0	
I sit down with them at those little tables, and they tell me	really bad	jokes or show me the note their mom wrote them that day. Or they	1	
at once, abruptly exclaimed, -- '' Miss Ivy, you' re a	real good	girl, I know, and as innocent as a lamb. That'	1	
, We grasp the pleasure, and then stand amazed To find how small the	real good	it brings! The joy is in the chase -- so finds the boy	NA	
n't ever have come out, not walking. I'm talking about a	real bad	racket, naturally. Not fluff stuff like telling old women's fortunesout of a	1	
'' Here's the reason I called you. Do you wan na be a	really good	guy? '' '' What do you want me to do? '' I	1	
world, With all its wealth of intellectual life, And spirits longing for some	real good	To fill their vast capacities for bliss, For such unworthy ends; and	NA	
'' When I was fourteen, '' he says, '' I had a	real bad	scene with them. I was looking for a little love, and there was	1	
; '' you had better change your clothes, for you've got a	real bad	cold now, and I don't want you to get any more. Come	1	
'' For two bad men, '' said Terry, ''' cause we	really bad	! '' '' We slice' em down, '' said Sling. '' We	0	
unnecessary move, '' says Verhoeven. '' I told him he was making something	really good	really bad. When Joe proposed his changes and when I refused them,	0	
with Rio Marfee. I was within a coupla feet of him and got a	real good	look at him. The killer over Leland wasn't him, and I	1	
attack; Chunky said it feels like a truck driving on your chest.	Real bad	pain, but it's over in ten or fifteen minutes. Ain't that	1	
of swapping stories, especially if they are funny ones, we find out what	really good	fellows we are, and probably have been all along; we feel that	1	
, poster hanging. &nbsp; TRAVISI'm a good worker, Betsy Ma'am, a	real good	worker. &nbsp; BETSY (Gesturing) If you talk to Tom, he	1	
'' They will do very nicely, '' said Avrillia. '' Now a thimble -- a	really good	one, please, that is thoroughly finger-broken, and has a tractable disposition	1	
is, and have to poke off alone after it. It makes it	real bad	for' em. But anyway she came to Jonesville for her health. And	0	
effort. It has been a huge suc-cess.... But for the	really good	things, like the '' Aphasia, '' the '' Obsessional Ideas, ''	1	
sniper team. But he hadn't been that good, for those guys were	really good	, awesome. He'd conceded it was probably just as well. Might	0	
.  #  Henry labels only one experience from her history with foster children as	really bad	. One of her favorite girls stole her checkbook. The bank froze Henry's	0	
acted better than their masters. Some of the roping and riding -- especially by the Indians -- was	really good	. And then came a number on the program that the four girls from	0	
drops. '' It's likely that he's in Europe, unless he's	really good	, '' says John Markoff, the Times reporter to whom Maxus sent his	0	
the assisting began. Now, just to be clear, I am a	really bad	assistant. I am highly disorganized, have no short-term memory, and spill salad	1	
of course acquainted in the city; tell me of a good man, a	really good	one. I intend to spare no expense in hunting these robbers. ''	1	
karate, too. They threw him outa school for bruin' somebody up	real bad	oncet. '' '' How come he don't wait for you inside? Ai	0	
looks good, '' the cowboy said. '' Yes sir, he's wintered	real good	. Must have put on a hundred pounds at least. '' He encircled	0	
in bad weather, '' he said. So who knows? Maybe a	really bad	cold -- and a decision to linger one night too many in the same place	1	
am. '' Photograph '' They've changed each other in a way that a	really good	love does, '' says Scream director Wes Craven of Cox and Arquette (	1	
. '' Why should I? '' '' I remember when you wanted something	real bad	and he gave it to you. '' I knew what she was talking about	0	
much greater abroad. Of course, if you're a person who has a	really good	sense of where the dollar is going to go and which currencies are going	1	
don't want a tutor in residence either. I want somebody who plays a	really good	game of bridge, a good game of squash, and invites really attractive	1	
stride. Seldom -- when a problem was unusually arousing, or when things got	really good	in bed -- had he seen a light such as kindled her countenance.	0	
, not an experience? for they know very well what kind of experience a	really good	novel gives. They have been brought up on the great French, English	1	
that should never have been burned. It was really tall stuff that was providing	really good	cover for mule deer, but we were trying to improve grass production for	1	
air breezing through the room. They made it through dinner with just one	really bad	moment, when Leo mentioned that he had spent some time down at Harrah's	1	
convictions were of that happy, confident kind which implies a right to all the	really good	things furnished by Providence. Many are the cases in point which we find	1	
truth.Nothin'! That's why. An' if you ever hear anything	real bad	about my Oswal,' t'ain't true! An' don't you believe	0	
are two of the cosiest in the whole house. Age doesn't matter with	really good	articles, you know that. Don't you? And fumbling repairs sometimes	1	
, after all, degenerates from the primitive faith. In the days which were	really good	and really old imaginations were more vigorous and piety less emasculated by an unrighteous	1	
civilian, even though his suits were still navy blue. What made it	really bad	was that he knew something himself. Dodge had given him some information, and	0	
got? '' '' Well, Mother, you know I ain't got a	real good	gown. There's the black lutestring petticoat Sylvy fetched me two years ago	1	
. '' It goes up at 50 feet. At 20 feet, it's	really good	. If we could fly at 10 feet, we would. '' If	0	
n't you worry, '' said Cliff, '' crows like meat. They're	really good	meat eaters. '' She looked at him closely to see how he meant	1	
was a faint metal smell in his hair. Mason is a mechanic -- a	really good	one -- foreign cars only. '' Huh? '' Mason stirred. ''	1	
Didn't get no parole, see, so I get all the training.	Real good	trained machinist now, and I'm gon na walk out of here clean	1	
was not that day -- not to be pitied. '' We have had a	real good	time -- a lucky day, '' he said to his young friends,	1	
, as I always did. John Tolliver said: '' They've got a	real good	bar here so let's use it. Two martinis. '' I did	1	
the percentages. I could see the reasoning behind it. I wasn't making	real good	pitches. For some reason, I'm having trouble locating the ball.	1	
table, chairs, cabinets, house, barn. ZEKE MCCOMBER I can farm	real good	and take care of horses. We could save our money and buy us	0	
time (like every four years). Just wait for things to get	really bad	under the Bush administration. Not to worry. (c) Dukakis lost because	0	
In 1980, Doug bought a '' barely habitable house with a lot of	really bad	ornamental wrought iron '' in an affluent suburb of St. Louis. No garden to	1	
though. SHIRL (Offers Big 8 a cover-up.) Sis, we did	real good	. (Big 8, Rob, and Shedevil take off the slaughterhouse aprons	0	
get off. Even inside the closed trolleys in winter the air never became	really bad	; no gasoline or Diesel oil odors. I doubt that the buses are faster	0	
cover of the Velvet Underground' s '' We' re Gon na Have a	Real Good	Time Together, '' was a signal of the shape of things to come	1	
lie in a hayfield and read Montesquieu. To write a modern comedy. A	really good	modern comedy -- three acts of racy dialogue, biting comment, wellworked-out patchwork	1	
apples... their association with doctors, teachers, Eve? Are they	really good	for you? If so, which ones? Red? Yellow? Crab	0	
, adventurous boy there, Mr. Catherwood. He don't panic. Takes orders	real good	. '' Clarkson was silent for a moment. A sudden, savage burst	0	
eyewitness, Murphy, the little crippled man that sweeps the courthouse and stutters	real bad	. I can get him here if you want. '' '' Any questions?	0	
they were in on it, but they don't know nothin' of how	really good	that job was. When I heard about it, I'm thinkin'	0	
Yeah, but I'll give a kid a chance. I wasn't a	real good	student at Marquette. I'm not the brightest guy. I was just	1	
Merwells would sell out to some nice people! It would be splendid to have	real good	neighbors. '' On the following Monday the boys went fishing '' on their	1	
to take dancing lessons. '' '' That's good, Al. That's	real good	. Because if you said you wanted to take dancing lessons, I do	0	
laws and to render their administrators liable to indictment and to conviction. With	really bad	laws, it is not possible to have good schools. In order to have	1	
it was like having your belly against a stove that's just starting to get	real good	and hot. Dick's face came up and for a few seconds I	0	
things you do before you get there. She also say me and Jim are	real good	to each other, better than most, but we need to find one	0	
; and some meat. '' Fred. Frederick (eagerly) Old wine!	really good	old wine? '' '' Amelia. Amelia I do not understand much of	1	
held up his hand and made a circle with his thumb and fore-finger. ''	Real good	, '' he called back. // The McDermotts (soon there will be	0	
to suggestions, even if many of them are '' wild ideas. '' A	really good	one may come along. Job-Relations-Training The course in supervisor-employee relationships, also a	1	
years. At St. Louis I had the genuine article -- real faith in a	real good	, and at the same time a hope amounting to the positive conviction that	NA	
average Arab terrorist, and the Irish pubs are primo. I could do some	real good	in the anti-IRA section. Really. Anyway, after all this mess out	NA	
one reason is because I've been sick so long and nobody does me any	real good	. Oh! I shouldn't have said that to you, when you	NA	
bought out her partner, who had moved to Florida. Business was good,	really good	. Kenneth was impressed. She had been approached about opening a second store	0	
? He's in bad shape. You understand that? He's in	real bad	shape. Every day he's gettin' worse. SALLY He's not gon	1	
about the series. I still didn't know what. '' This is	really bad	, '' Ridder said gravely. '' There are things in here which could only	0	
, I tell you what, me and some of the other boys have a	real good	time... there's a few of us who get together a couple times	1	
me about themselves, either in the documentary or in a podcast, it feels	really good	. '' She pauses again, then laughs. '' Is that OK to	0	
. That, I believe, is what he's doing now; finding some	real good	thing to give away one day when it is asked for or needed.	1	
good, it's real good and when it's bad, it's	real bad	, '' he says. '' I'd been cut two or three times,	0	
, we had broken a few laws, but we hadn't done anything	really bad	. And here the government was spending thousands of dollars to put us in jail	0	
much left over here. I've had leads in the Eoan Group, and	really good	press. I could go overseas and have proper lessons, and become really	1	
'' Oh Christ, '' he would say. '' I felt good today,	really good	for a change, you fixed that, you really pricked the balloon.	0	
a hot shed all day, wheezing polkas out of the hurdy-gurdy, but a	real good	idea of improving on the handcart. What if he didn't make a	1	
quickly as possible and I'll get him home. ''  #  '' Something	really bad	is happening, Zach. I don't understand it, but I'm really	0	
Annie continued: '' Why, sister? yes it is; and you are	real good	, and you'll come some day, and find me waiting for you	0	
Hugh mournfully, '' how do you suppose I feel? I made my first	really good	record last term, and that wasn't any world beater. I've	1	
does a strip tease. Of course Anton takes her away before she gets going	real good	, but once in a while she gets peeled before he knows what's	0	
of soup, some rice, and two bottles of wine. The dishes were	really good	and we were hungry. The waiter set up the table, poured out	0	
DORA To buy it, of course. HELEN Buy it? It's a	real good	bed, and the bureau's all right if you're patient when the	1	
. // In advertising, when most creative people say, '' That's a	really good	ad, '' they don't mean that the ad might build the client	1	
left the key of my trunk. It seems to be gone. We have	real good	times, playing ball and taking walks. I have walked out with Miss	1	
unamused.) Well, I'd better be going. Tell Herb there's	real good	glass -- unbreakable -- on the car I'm going to sell him.	1	
won't wake up till Indiana where he'll have to take a leak	real bad	.  #  8:15 A.M.  #  Choich bells are ringin'. Her mom is dissolving	0	
donated by the electric company and planks from a lumberyard. '' He did a	really good	job on it, '' Chumchal said. It's now the site for	1	
him, '' Don't never order soup. Them boxes a soup are	real bad	to pack. '' Three puppies belonging to one of the blue heelers went in	0	
navy game, up or out: just when you got something that you were	really good	at, something you really liked, it was gone. It made good	0	
could stand to lose weight. They dress in western wear and have themselves a	real good	time  #  '' We've got a band and everything tonight, '' he	1	
. Looks like that's her trouble. Somebody stuck his magic wand into Wanda	real good	. '' Shrugging, the man maneuvered a pack of cigarettes from his shirt	0	
forget it. Have I been a great bother to you? You've been	real good	. I don't want you to think I forget that. And if	0	
, and are, in my opinion, at the foundation of most that is	really good	in the village. '' In a word, I am in favor of	0	
reservation for an early dinner at the British Lion Steak House, Libertyville's only	really good	restaurant, but the time had gotten away from them and they had agreed	1	
You look exactly the same as you did at Shell Island High. It's	really good	to see you. ''  #  '' I hope I don't look the	0	
could afford full-time, round-the-clock, first-class care for poor Jerry, because of the	really good	deals she made with the TV people and then with the rights people for	1	
#  # BRENDAN # Yeah.  #  # PIN # His descriptions of things are	really good	.  #  # BRENDAN # Oh yeah?  #  69  #  # PIN #	0	
. She had been flirtatious and pleasure-loving in San Francisco, but perhaps not	really bad	at heart. Drummond had been as decent as millions of other young men who	0	
I'd have be up there with him, but I thought you was	real bad	hurt. '' An he dipped up a cup of broth and kea. The	0	
for exhaustion. First order of business? Shopping! '' She was having a	really good	day, '' says Frederic Benisty, comanager of the clothing store Lulu &;	1	
the photo back. '' She loved those Sinatra songs -- she sang' em	real good	, too. We used to talk about Frankie Boy' -- your mother	0	
a good addition. I like his arm a lot. I've seen him	really good	and I've seen him so-so. But when you see guys (pitch	0	
on with Singer Yves Montand, but despite their efforts, the show is not	really good	low humor; it is merely good-humored.  #  The Dark at the Top	1	
'' Wolf said. '' And it keeps getting worse. It's not	really bad	, not yet, but -- Wolf/ -- it's going to get bad if	0	
crying your eyes out p. 84 GENERAL HOETZLER Perhaps if Lucher would give us some	really good	beer it might take effect more quickly. TALISZ (to HOETZLER) What	1	
reported, '' All retros normal, ''' Looks Real Good' '' Looks	real good	, '' ground control replied. A few minutes later, Elliott See,	0	
super of. How d' ya feel about railroads? '' '' Good.?	Real good	. '' '' You got any school? '' '' Eighth, nearly ninth	0	
nowhere, Yankee. &nbsp; LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARLES RANEGo on, Linda. You did	real good	. Linda gets up and Charlie takes her seat. The Drunken Mexican gets	0	
the rest of the girls down in the District. The Administration also built some	really good	bathing beaches, with cabanas that paid for themselves in the first season,	1	
--  casually dropping black lace underwear and gold-lame bikinis into drawers. '' It is	really good	of you to help with Mother this summer, Jada. Until she is	0	
you?' And I said,' Oh yeah, baby, it was	real good	.' And then I tried to cuff him. Hell, truth is	0	
not unknown to him. He is old enough to remember the golden age when	really good	things were to be picked up for modest sums, before every parvenu considered	1	
I met a man from Georgia there, 6 feet 9 inches high, a	real good	fellow. Most all these southern folks are good fellows, if you do	1	
you been? '' Martha asked Ryder. '' I'm fine. You look	real good	. '' '' I've been sleeping and eating a lot. I hear	0	
They wouldn't do it on purpose, but they're young too and not	real good	at holding back. No doubt they'd both pounce on you at once	0	
choice of books, I got my skill; These best can teach what's	real good	and ill. Ne'er grudge each year to spend some stones of cheese,	0	
than any one house of ordinary size could find room for, and considering how	really good	they are, and how well made, they can not be called dear	0	
bottles being broken over my head. It was a really, really,	really bad	, bad day. And I remember walking to the bank. I couldn't	1	
her, for the world has many such, - - in whom there is nothing	really bad	, only they have missed the best. On board the steamship, she had	0	
of secondary sources, it might be hard to learn if Goldberg has done any	real good	at all. But certain ratings can be made. Before the session even	NA	
Frankly, it was the only action movie I've ever read that had a	really good	story and some emotionally charged characters. This was an action movie where it	1	
car if you want to give it a try. '' So we were on	real good	terms again and I done right good on the latrine. All the others	1	
no stock, however well designed, is perfect for everyone who shoots it.	Really good	design, however, is more important for the average man than the stock	1	
friends. After we've wasted time on that, Marco gives us a	really bad	premise, such as an episode in which the mother-in-law comes. We all pretend	1	
'' '' Hey, that's great, '' I said. '' That's	really good	. '' '' You don't believe me. '' '' I'd like	0	
burn but dead grass, sagebrush, seedling scrub pine. None of it caught	real good	, the smoke made matters worse. Gibbon's men had marched fifty miles	0	
) and Trans (sci-fi pop)?  #  '' The Crazy Horse stuff is	really good	because there's time off between, '' he says, acknowledging that fans	0	
hospital's upper floors, said of Allison's condition, '' It's	really bad	. It looks like it's going to take a miracle. ''  #  Allison	0	
that with bet -- ter advice and career direction, he could have been a	real good	one. '' When Presley died in 1977 at age 42, his career	1	
down just above her dainty tassel loafers. '' Lookin' good, Clarice,	real good	. '' He said it and he meant it, with three bottles of	0	
he thought privately that he would like nothing better than to drive her out to	really good	rattlesnake country some hot bright afternoon. Reata was a country in itself to	1	
at the edge of space it would be able to support itself. Like most	really good	ideas, this one was simple and obvious. It just hadn't been	1	
devote yourself to the work you were meant to do. Emotional relationshipsyou were not	really good	at. It was soon obvious that she would never have given herself to	0	
'' she admits. '' But they square away after a while or learn a	real good	lesson -- and become good citizens. ''	1	
sports page is only what might be called a primary objective. For to a	really good	sportswriter, every door is open: literature, movies, radio, politics	1	
1) what Chris Evert Lloyd means when she says, '' I have a	really good	feel for things ''? (g) if Chris Evert Lloyd trusts only	1	
party. He is not generally a bad political thermometer, and Muggs was a	really good	one. Besides, he had been stung by the contemptuous rejection of his	1	
might cause delays with false alarms, but hardly enough to do the hunted any	real good	. This could be the end, after all our years of luck.	NA	
the insecticide manufacturers have been amazed at the size of the potential market for a	really good	insecticide. There are doubtless other chemicals on the way. One has already	1	
also through so many channels, that it is incapable of forming an inch of	really good	bearing wood. The shoots protrude, and though small, produce a great	1	
did not want to lose the feeling. Today was the day to get something	really good	done. The road ought to be ripped to pieces some place before Hochih	1	
autos, we lost steel, we lost electronics, but what American talents are	really good	at is software - computer software or entertainment software, like creative pursuits.	0	
it for his sister's sake, but believe me, he isn't	really bad	. He is only weak. He's been led into doing things he should	0	
were right about needing a hit. In fact, we need a hit	real bad	. Birth of a Nation big. But without the troubles. One hit will	0	
I'm too young. Then you stay here and clean out the ice box	real good	, he says. Yes sir, I say. But when can I	0	
the United States that my knowledge of the English language was too limited to do	really good	dialogue. I felt that I was hindered in listening to people's speech	1	
toilet was complete except for my veil, when, by a piece of	real bad	luck, the Reverend Mother and my sister came into the room. We had	1	
any particulars; and that then the self-interest of the legis-lators would prevent any	really bad	laws being passed: tempting, but quite impracticable, and even if practicable,	1	
feel to be home? '' another reporter yelled. '' Good. '' ''	Real good	, '' Buzz added. We meant it. Five days ago, we	0	
'' Well, I declare Doctor, you will not let me get into a	real good	fright, '' cried Mattie, smiling through eyes filled with tears. ''	1	
Such actions tend to make the rater's superior discount what he says about the	really good	workers. A number of rating scales have been tried, varying from simple	1	
that day. Her ending statement is usually, '' And Mommy, it was	really good	! ''  #  7 Finally, to learn from Veronica about how to be	0	
say, '' Willie, I'm real glad to see you and you look	real good	for an old man, but this is a serious game, you know	0	
one of them. He's really, really good, and he has a	really good	time; his work fits the circus ring, and he loves the crowd	1	
in the national title game: '' It still lingers. It' s	really bad	. At Coach' s (Tubbs) camp, there were kids wearing T-shirts	0	
he was fettered by injunctions not to run any risk -- and of course a	really good	fighting general ought to be prepared to run risks. The Secretary of War	1	
enjoy it thoroughly. It acts as a tonic, and makes a fellow feel	real good	because he is fighting for something. I have been abused, and those	0	
&nbsp; BOYLE (pressing Ramon sotto voce) Ramon, I need a break	real bad	. I did a good story on you last year... &nbsp; RAMONLook	0	
ever to me. You hear me now Jeff, or I do something	real bad	sometime, so I really hurt you. Now Jeff you just be good to	0	
doesn't insist on being Sue Murdock. Whether she'll ever turn into a	really good	actress depends, it seems to me, on achieving some sort of intellectual	1	
Turning into your parents isn't necessarily a bad thing. My dad is a	really good	guy. I think the world of him. If anything, I think	1	
make money for us, and for Carlos, too, he needs it	real bad	. And, you know what? I'd do anything for that man!	0	
husband in punning mood -- pink celluloid Kewpie -- half a dozen of everything in flat silver and two	really good	rugs to start with -- then why couldn't she cast herself serenely for the Sarah	1	
heard '' Faust '' in Paris he confidently asserted that it contained only two	really good	numbers, the '' Soldiers' Chorus '' being one of them Nor did	1	
five o'clock. Barker ate a lot and when he came back he felt	really bad	. I was not feeling too good myself. I had just gotten my divorce	0	
and pushed the wet hair off my forehead. '' You'll get good,	real good	at this, and guys will be lining up at a hundred bucks a	0	
exclaimed, '' Man! Look at that. Someone must have been hurt	really bad	! '' The whole passenger side of a small blue car was smashed against a	0	
view, as exhibiting the ill-directed and unenlightened efforts of impulsive minds to reach a	real good	. We are, also, well assured from observation, that there is	NA	
the Salvadoran people '' that the guerrillas, not the Army, are the	real bad	guys. '' And in a story that appeared in The Times on October 6	1	
arc statues of men for whom less could be said already there, and a	really good	statue of 331moHA. would be an ornament anywhere, but it is hinted that	1	
the businesses he bought running, Larry was free to focus on what he was	really good	at: making deals. A classic example was Tisch's brilliant 1968 purchase	0	
to use me (one more time!) as the heavy, a	really bad	guy in a bleak and downbeat story that most likely would gross you out or	1	
the pair are laughing to themselves, thinking, '' We can make a	really bad	movie, and people will still pay to see us. '' Affleck plays mob	1	
got to get good and strong -- so you can fly around and find something	really good	to get into. -- 8 -- &nbsp; ADAMS (looking at her sharply	0	
once more, I put it back in my pocket. '' Is he	really BAD	? '' The tears were still in her eyes. '' Do the gentlemen say	0	
proper thrashing tail; all supported by demure pink wings set too far forward for	really good	aerodynamics, so that he flies with a waddle. He fulminates fire,	1	
let it get me down. '' '' You sure don't. You look	real good	, Loretta. '' '' Oh, the hell with that, '' Loretta	0	
Boo. 6oThe child come stand in front of his daddy and just look at him	real good	. You not coming? he say. Harpo say, Naw. Child	0	
, I say to her in my mind, Girl, you looks like a	real good	time, the Good Lord knows you do. What you doing here?	1	
did you just guess that? BILL You are in need of sleep,	real bad	I suggest you get it. Besides, this is our country and we have	0	
on handouts to corporations and corrupt foreign governments, he waits until we get a	really good	program such as railroad retirement or the educa -- tion bill, and he	1	
really good press. I could go overseas and have proper lessons, and become	really GOOD	,' n earn lots of money. DANIELS I shouldn't think lessons	0	
, he's around. He's a bad one, boy, a	real bad	one. I ie's become a sort of leader for a small group of	1	
off it and use it as a soccer field. Junkyard told me to take	real good	care of you. They're mowing the field for our arrival. ''	1	
? ''  #  The cook said, '' Yes, sir, that's a	real good	steak. '' He rang the bell for the waitress again.  #  ''	1	
.  #  Pop.  #  Anne Marie went last. It felt... good.	Really good	, and the noise only added to the unexpected sense of fun and exhilaration	0	
#  # BRENDAN # Why not?  #  # EMILY # I screwed up	real bad	. I really screwed up.  #  # BRENDAN # Screwed up how?  #	0	
mind getting out and banging on doors, '' he said. '' She's	really good	at getting people to help out. ''  #  Doster's presidency broke with	0	
. '' A big vote-getter, pal. One of the biggest. And a	real good	boy, too. A sweetheart. '' '' Almost like a son to	1	
lurching and crutching his way across the room on one foot to get his first	really good	close look at himself in the mirror since his injury, Domingo was struck	1	
considered and treated as one of the family. (What an excellent passport to	really good	society those young people enjoy who have good parents.) William Forbes had	1	
like you lads. I used to trap up the Chinisee. I got along	real good	with the Senecas. I had a wife out there. She was a	0	
, and having only 30 CD's to work with, the DJ played	really bad	music. Plus, everybody insisted on wearing bathing suits in the termas bath.	1	
.. &nbsp; HUEYNo time for that. Get going with Irene. And talk	real good	or we're all in the crapper. Huey tears off a little piece	0	
--  a sandwich? (Laughs) Well, I hope the Lord blesses you	real good	! (Looking him up and down. Pause) O you are a	0	
shaking his manuscript in their amazed faces. '' It's good! It's	really good	! '' And before they could recover their wits, he ran out again	0	
. '' '' Okay, then Riddel, it's been nice. Philosophy is	real good	. But watch out for my paper. '' '' Why? '' ''	0	
'' A few letters of disapproval mixed with admiring ones, but the only	real bad	news was a warrant from the traffic court informing him he'd missed his scheduled	1	
of her grasp like a snake, as though someone Up There were having a	really good	laugh at her expense. Of course, it was possible, she thought	1	
, vocational training, and child care. This was not an article about any	real good	being done. Mary Jane Ballou via America Online A willing reader Ginny Cunningham	NA	
battle brought a sour smile to her lips. '' I know I did some	real good	damage. And finally, one of them, the one who had his	1	
--  poor light, no competent assistant. &nbsp; SAMSo you'd better be a	real good	doctor. The two men look at each other. &nbsp; GARVENWhat guarantee do	1	
to the best. And I would sacrifice a thousand incapable men to elevate one	really good	person.Hunter said: And a dictator will bring revolution.I said: Sure.He said:	1	
us that army measurements indicate that there is not more than 12 per cent of	really good	intelligence in our population, whereas low grades of intelligence are at least twice	1	
she looked like the next morning. Suzy you wouldn't forget. A	real bad	risk. Suzy liked people or she didn't like them. That in itself	1	
that's out. I just want us to win this war. I guess	really good	soldiers are really good at very little else, he thought. That's	1	
smelled like mint.  #  It was also the first time she had gotten a	really good	look at his face. He looked... beautiful.  #  Pretty	1	
fall (this was in Montana) when the question arose: Are there any	really good	, moderately priced binoculars? What we were looking for were glasses that would	1	
to his knees.) Huh? KNOWLES Let's kick this cocksucka's ass	real good	. He rushes up to help ORA, and the whole of the crowd	0	
grade, '' Travis drawled. '' It set a bad precedent. A	really bad	precedent. '' Travis took a slug of his beer but kept his eye on	1	
eyewitness to the action.  #  Today for the first time Richard's body felt	really good	under the weight of the pack. He had lost some fat. He	0	
9th century onward. But it was not until close to the 14th century that	really good	paper was made in Europe, Italy leading in its manufacture. Origin and	1	
common of beverages. I doubt if one American in a hundred ever drank a	really good	cup of coffee, yet it is a luxury within the reach of everybody	1	
his eyes, warned me that this was going to be one of the	really bad	times. I phoned Doctor D. several times to express my growing appre -- hension	1	
Mike react - &nbsp; PATWell -- tennis. That's number one. I'm	really good	at that. &nbsp; MIKEYou mean you're better than with the sticks?	0	
. It's like a question on one of those tests I always do	really bad	on, no matter what school I'm going to-if you think about the question	0	
. But them folks saw to it that I learn how to build barns.	Real good	too. BAM Well, at leas' you got someplace ta go when	0	
and Providence. Mr. Bowdoin Beacon sat by his side. '' She's a	real good	girl, and pretty, and rich, though she is my cousin,	1	
her his cleverness. She knew enough about life to realise that Smeeth was a	really good	husband and that this was something to be thankful for. (North London	1	
All leaves were cancelled, too. Well, I wanted to get out	real bad	. So I told Captain Ellis that the only place in the country where truly	0	
ton of contacts at the Housing Show. Everyone seems to think we'll do	real good	. Only problem is, my heart's just not in it, which	0	
n't known that then, but he did now. Probably she and Ballard had	really good	times. He'd bet they did. Well, the more power to	1	
holiday. '' '' That's good. '' Johnny took her hand. ''	Really good	. '' I said, '' I wonder how she swung that! I	0	
saw paramedics beside her. '' That's when I realized things were getting	really bad	, '' the 55-year-old retired teacher says. '' The emergency crew knew me so	0	
administering surplus wealth for the good of the people. The first requisite for a	really good	use of wealth by the millionaire who has accepted the gospel which proclaims him	1	
He could fake best of all I seen. MOTHER Yeah, he was a	real good	fake, but not as good as my dad. Boy, I was	1	
said Papa ought to take some to the County Fair. '' That would be	really good	, '' Mama said afterward; '' I can just see you goin'	0	
you like. GAYLORD EASTERBROOK (Pours brandy into his glass) If this is	really good	I'm saved! (Turns and moves below sofa to L. side of	0	
untruths. To this Mr. J. HENRY BROOKS adds the information that if BLAINE	really bad	a secret understanding with Mr. LEE, acted in the not '' strictly honorable capacity	NA	NA
' stuff while we're gone,' cause the men who work here take	real good	care of the place. Thanks. '' (Continues...)	1	
MARY JANE HANRAHAN Everything you're telling me, Angel, it sounds like a	real good	motive to wan na murder somebody. ANGEL CRUZ My question to you was	1	
of them. Twice Loraine had to have him pumped out. Loraine was a	really good	girl and things were hard because she couldn't work in the house until	1	
thanks to a betterment in shoe demand. Fertilizer business in the South has been	really good	this past month and some volume is opening up in the Middle West.	0	
Having just come off of a two-and-a-half-year relationship that was great until things got	really bad	, now, it seems, I've thrown myself into my work. The	0	
enough in exterior, but rotten in ten or twelve years. The only	really good	residence was a fine stone building erected by Sir Edward Barnes when governor of	1	
of me. And I didn't mean it. I'm going to be	real good	this term; I promised mother. Please forget it, and don't	0	
Of saints? '' '' Do you realize, Walter, I never saw a	really good	statue in my life before? I was unprepared. '' '' Oh,	1	
beaten, just as if it were all his fault. I think it is	real good	in him to come to church anyway. If I were President and had	0	
toys to play with, but a few shovels at the crossing would do more	real good	. F. V. CLARK. New York, March 1, 1934.	NA	
Scripture till a new revival busts on the country. Cal Smith'll have a	real good	fightin' chance... '' I don't give a good God	1	
take that any day of the week. '' tommy Lee Jones '' I remember	really good	meals that I've had in Tennessee and France, and I remember the	1	
a habit of agreeing belatedly to yesterday's black demands. Today is the first	really good	opportunity Zimbabweans have had since the early 1960s when election boycotts, British ineptitude	1	
weeks. The best way to repair that thing is with a match and some	real good	kerosene and a few shavings; however, we'll have to do the	1	
guessed she do that herself like she likes to have it better. Melanctha is	real good	to stay so long to help her, but Rose guessed perhaps Melanctha better	0	
with a friend, a school club, or your family. If you get	really good	at skiing, you may want to enter competitions.  #	0	
&nbsp; FRANOISE (teasing) Teach me about life,' Arry. She's	really good	. &nbsp; GREGORYAll my mothers are talented. Harry suddenly stands up and starts	0	
part of the picture, but not the whole story. To get good,	really good	, Basil accepted that every waking moment, dripping wet or bone dry,	0	
somehow. I should like to wear something of hers too, for she was	really good	to us when we were little, and all that long time that I	0	
need to be changed, counter the autocompany experts. Then there's the	really bad	gas? gas that is improperly and in many cases illegally blended. No one	1	
thanked Amy for brunch and told her he had had a good time, a	really good	time, and Amy said she had had a really good time too.	1	
change. Man, I will tell you somethin: Usually I don get no	real good	buzz outta guys swinging on my joint. Most of the time, I	1	
'' I said, '' You know, I'll bet if we looked around	real good	we might find one of those old-type farm collies like Shep. He would	0	
unless she herself has been educated by careful reading into an appreciation of what is	really good	? A wellread mother can direct her boy to adventures as marvelous as those	0	
one's taste. I suppose it was these difficulties in the way of commanding	really good	music which made you endure so much playing and singing in your homes by	1	
'' I doubt it would have gotten this far unless they agreed it was a	real good	bet, '' said Suzanne Verity, the editor of Public Accounting Report,	1	
, in a way, my stenciling will help folks to a taste for the	really good	things. The cant of certain socalled art circles has made plenty of excellent	1	
em, Arlene. We kin get' em back together an they'll do	real good	. (Setting them down on the trunk.) These ones don't	0	
what is going on but my next match. I want a third title	real bad	; I' ve wanted it all year. I' ve got something to	0	
elevator button. &nbsp; CARTERBut bringing that shark in ahead of schedule is one	real bad	idea. Susan turns back to face him. &nbsp; MCALESTERDo you like your job	1	
never be, God hated bestest good boys when they did bad things,	really bad	things, and then Chub thought of B J., B.J. running down the beach	1	
Played caddy golf. Caddied. Washed cars. Waxed them too. Bowled.	Real good	, mom says. He was a pin boy Will went to World War	0	
now we had such good things in that line, I would invest in one	really good	rug. I did. I drifted one day into an Armenian place on	1	
Art Deco and other 20th-century periods yet unnamed are being resurrected.  #  '' The	really good	20th-century designs were clean, '' he said. '' There was no ormolu	1	
they'd be very exciting. Dramatic. I've never been in a	really bad	one, on land. That was a rather good blow in when was it	1	
demand arose about 187o-188o, and has extended so greatly t hat t o-day a	really good	, full-flavoured (lark tobacco is rare. Whether this is the result of	1	
. I was scared to death. I thought they'd call me with	real bad	news.' The news was good. His level of T-4 cells -- the	1	
Well, we ran another raid through Carbon, couple days back. Threw a	real good	scare into' em, didn't we, McGill? &nbsp; MC GILL	1	
AL COLUMBATO I don't know what White'll do if he ever gets a	real good	look in my head. Birdy's advantage is White still hasn't figured	1	
pity and compassion. In short he was destitute of every quality which constitutes a	really good	man. Their scheme, like that of the Epicureans, was pregnant with	1	
where the sky was streaked with red and purple. '' This could be a	really good	story, '' I told him. '' But I would need to meet	1	
along? '' Jack smiled. '' Well, I might, if you are	real good	, '' he said. '' I'll be good, '' Frank promised	0	
teach, and he had a lot of psychology? child psychology. He's	real good	with the kids. D: So he's helping take care of your	0	
spend all those years in Sing Sing learning it. '' '' They taught you	real good	, Don. '' '' They call it rehabilitation. You find what you	0	
many years china collectors in America neglected Lowestoft, perhaps for the excellent reason that	really good	specimens were difficult to find. People with family sets were not keen about	1	
any art -- so I carted h off for myself. But Ike's a	real good	guy. He's going to L.A. set up his own company. He	1	
the stage and listen to the band mostly to kill time even though they are	really good	but it is only nine o'clock and I am feeling a little restless and	0	
on a bandage or some duct tape, maybe Superglue it if it's	really bad	, and get back to work. Most of them had cut off at least	0	
and did his first report at 3:55 p.m.  #  '' Everybody in Philadelphia took	really good	care of me, '' he said. '' As one who has traveled	1	
. Watch TV too. Saw you on the news last night. You looked	real good	. I'm gon na make you famous, Jake, ain't I	0	
and his tux looks really handsome, it was going to be great, a	really good	evening, i could feel it p. 15 JOHN and we walk downstairs,	1	
columns wide. The advertising solicitor agreed to prepare the publicity, and did a	really good	job. In the center of the space he ran an announcement: HENRY	1	
, so no amount of good acting could satisfy me if the singing were	really bad	. Polzer's singing was not bad in the sense that it was offensive to	0	
a farm, but I was starting to make a difference. We had a	real good	crop the last two years. '' '' So, you want to be	1	
him. And without this moral independenceit will be hard for her to be a	really good	mother, for there are moments when even the best husband must be overridden	1	
. STEPHEN MINCH I was coming. MARTHA MINCH Mrs. Rutledge says you have a	really good	voice if you'd work at it. STEPHEN MINCH How does a person	1	
has ever dreamed. Nightmares are made of such sights, at least the	really bad	ones. Imagine, if you will, dive-bomber geese descending on the booth of	1	
No great epiphany, no sudden collapse; just a bit more beer than was	really good	for me and an aching vacant spot that I tried to pretend wasn't	0	
We shall have to look after them too, you know, if anything	really bad	begins. '' '' Yes, please let's not lose sight of Anne,	1	0
, less permanent, and, as I shall presently prove, less productive of	real good	. Indeed, if we examine the effects of the most active philanthropy,	NA	
her death Anneliese told him, '' I feel that it will come on	real bad	in the summer. I'm so terribly afraid and I have no strength left	0	
bombs are falling through the air. '' '' But did the country gain any	real good	by the conquest of Louisburg? '' asked Laurence. '' Or was all	NA	
pain but just with release.... Breathing is important, food. It's	really good	to come in with a full stomach. A lot of the time when	0	
If things get	really bad	, Bill Clinton may think about blaming some of his fund-raising problems on Franklin Roosevelt	0	
stir the feminine soul to its depths any more than the first preparation of a	really good	meal. Don't underrate cooking; it has powers you never dream of	1	
sorry that such conscientious officials should not have been privileged to share with him the	real good	fortune of learning about life the rough and not the smooth way. For	1	
, '' Oh no. Harley Falk made it for her. They' re	real good	friends. '' '' Does he come here often? '' '' He stops	1	
, in which she portrayed the sprightly minx Felicity Shagwell, she ate some ''	really good	tuna salad, '' made with a lot of onions and garlic that hung	1	
phone and she listens with interest. &nbsp; GRIFFITHListen, Ed. You're a	real good	pal of Lt. Kaufman's, aren't you? INT. NANCY'S	1	
, and that lovely black hair growing so low on her forehead. And a	really good	voice. And a charming figure. But I tell you one thing:	1	
, for whom I could have no deference; but among the passengers was a	really good	physician -- a navy surgeon who had made his studies in Paris. Dr.	1	
swap, '' he said. '' Don't get me wrong, it was	real good	, being able to sleep warm, but you caught me good when I	0	
you do at Cannon Ball and Black Mountain. And they are going to have	really good	ski trails. '' '' Naturally we have no intention of committing ourselves to	1	
be more than enough to pay for a taxicab uptown and a luncheon at a	really good	restaurant. He came out on Broadway and hailed a taxicab as naturally as	1	
for Karl. He's coming as Ptolemy Krill. He even wrote some	really bad	poetry. I wanted to ask you something, before we leave tomorrow. ''	1	
credibility as a person, as a witness, or when you've got a	really good	person on the stand against you, you want to undermine the credibility of	1	
obtainable, or 3; 2.9 or 2.8 was considered first class, 2.5 was	really good	, 2 was fair, and below that it fell off rapidly too,	0	
'' someone is really jealous and starts being really mean.... It's where two	really good	friends break up. '' // A '' good girl, '' journalist Peggy	1	
was a lot of auxiliary staff to help the nurses, and the patients got	really good	care. '' But when the hospital began cutting back in the mid-1990s,	1	
had been visited the night before in wakeful hours by the finest fancy for a	really good	thing that he had ever felt descend in the darkness. '' It's	1	
n't help me, '' Cully said, '' I have to get Merlyn a	really good	lawyer. Now the district attorney has probably told you that Merlyn will plead	1	
to beat the sparrows. What's more, Bill got another job, a	real good	one, bailiff to an old lady. Well, Bill didn't know	1	
Head rally neatly summed up Bush's approach. Its refrain: '' I'm	really good	at gettin' by. ''  #  Want a reformer? Bush asked his	0	
decided figure that leads more to seduction than success. | '' We've had a	real good	month since you've been away, '' said Mrs. Simmons. '' A	1	
everything. This one I let her have by herself. This one hurt	real bad	. Almost killed her, but she had it anyway. It lived, see	0	
them to apply their conclusions to the sister art. But occasionally they make a	really good	shot, as when the German art-historian, August Mayer, draws a comparison	1	
Eugne Delacroix, to the copy on the easel. '' Boy, she's	really good	, '' someone whispers. '' Aw, I bet she's doing it	0	
say you want to make a really good picture of something. I mean,	really good	. You use a laser as your strobe light. '' '' But why	1	
afterwards. I think I can tell you of the '' old school '' where	really good	manners originated. The Teacher has long since gone, and sometimes I have	1	
Little Lord Fauntleroy? LLOYD I've accepted for the moment. DALE Great.	Really good	. Now you'll have a husband and a child. Two birds,	0	
First thing to-morrow we'll go downtown and get a nice picture taken. A	real good	one, I don't care how much it costs. And then?	1	
I just said,' Ah, heck, you know, I'm just	really good	. ''  #  He's definitely in the big (20,000) leagues.	0	
of them. What one may actually know, though sometimes one does not have	really good	data on even this, is what the relevant magnitudes have been for some	1	
his reputation. It is asking too much of human credulity to believe that a	really good	man could long sustain the character of a remorseless desperado by merely making faces	1	
, carrying the only phonograph that at that time had been sufficiently completed to accomplish	really good	results. '' Reaching home and the nursery, Mr. Edison started the phonograph	1	
him as human, we are beginning to try to find out what he is	really good	for, and to train him for that. We have got over the	0	
good with the caf?! '' She looked like a delighted infant. ''	Real good	! They said I wouldn't- '' '' My congratulations. There is much pleasure	0	
I'd take you along? -- Why should I? You're a	real bad	dame, honey. -- Nobody could count on you for ten minutes. --	1	
Los Angeles  #  Sir: All I can say is that Humphrey must be a	really good	man to get the vice-presidential nomination. It's a relief, in a	1	
's somethin' else, Clem. CLEM What, Roy? ROY A	real bad	sign. CLEM Bad signs, that's right. You know that palomino horse	1	
can, since it affects American life so profoundly. I don't have any	really good	sources at the CDC headquarters in Dallas, so I was very glad for	1	
Fightin' dog. Damn I made some good money off that little dog.	Real good	money. (pause) AUSTIN You could come up north with me,	1	
It tasted like slightly damp K-ration. '' This stuff we've bade does a	real good	job. Just a little too good. '' He wiped his nose and	1	
. It's a joke... MAGGIE Far-out, Pierre. That's	really good	. Well, I guess it's goodnight. PIERRE Come and see me	0	
got married. It looked like someone came up behind her and scared her	real bad	. She couldn't stop crying. God love her. I told her not	0	
This is a cotton-hungry land, a cotton-hungry world. There ain't been a	real good	cotton crop in four years now. It's a seller's market.	1	
ones from this number can be disposed of. As a rule the eggs from	really good	Bronze turkeys find a ready sale. It is most essential, if success	1	
wondering was, what camp you folks hailed from, and if you have any	real good	medicine makers there. ''  #  The blonde replied at once, in a	1	
out on him. '' In Financial Trouble '' He tried to jam me up	real good	, but my people believed me, '' said the hoodlum. '' We	0	
round in the taverns jollying with the sailors, as some of the sons of	really good	families did. He would not have all his fortune to make, and	1	
been, that, by cultivating habits of rational intercourse between the sexes, the	real good	of both parties would be promoted; that the men would become more social	NA	
his mother, easily. But he managed to tell me, '' Not	real bad	. You know? tw I nodded. As if I understood. Then his	0	
negligent father. ''  #  '' No you haven't. '' Negligent sounded	really bad	.  #  '' Are you happy? '' he asked.  #  '' I do	0	
in closets rather than displayed in china closets with glass fronts. Few dishes are	really good	art. The sideboard with a long drawer for linen and shallow drawers for	1	
dig and dig and dig, '' he says, '' because Netscape isn't	really good	about informing people about the new features in its latest version. And it	0	
own vileness so much concealed that many square, honest lads believed he was a	really good	fellow. Bart Hodge had begun to think Snell was a sneak and bad	1	
it on Channel 8 in color. Brother, clothes you guys wear come out	really good	on color TV. You know, that guy Lucky can be a lotta	0	
the strange case of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui implored headquarters to act before something	really bad	happened.  #  Rowley's memo ripped into FBI chief Robert Mueller just as he	0	
injury which does not hinder mental or moral growth; and no gift is a	real good	but as it advances our spiritual well being. In choosing a profession for	NA	NA
a man refers to a woman as a '' piece of fruit that went	real bad	real fast '') a guilty thrill. Reference See also additional image(s) in Table	0	
, maybe. Mostly I just admire the game, and the people who are	really good	at it. '' He nodded, hand still on the doorknob. ''	0	
police happen to think highly of Lori because she is a good woman, a	really good	person, and in the line of their duties they come in contact with	1	
course the fathers and mothers are to come and look on, and have a	real good	time. We will have them in the New Hall. I wonder why	1	
shook his head. '' Doesn't look like it. He was beaten	real bad	. Unclear whether the technical cause of death's going to be the internal bleeding	0	
that Judy, 32, gives, '' But you don't know how	really bad	it is. You don't know what I put up with day after day	0	
I burn less carbon than some years ago. I see people of my standing	really good	for nothing, decrepit, effete, la levre inferieure deja pendante, with	0	
ROBYou know what I came up with, Barkhas? Life can be good.	Really good	, as long as you allow for little misbehaviors from time -- 68 --	0	
It's a draggy day anyhow. And anyway, we get to eat there	real good	. '' He adds, smiling secretly: '' And we do nt have	0	
thank you. And, Mrs. Barkley, I'm gon na learn your part	real good	. I'll probably never get to do it, but -- well,	0	
wedding present. Later on, maybe we'll be able to send you something	really good	. Best of luck... '' They let Jig Hollins and his Minnie go	0	
mistress to permit any divided love, and therefore it can not be expected that	really good	lawyers will be found in the ranks of general business agents and speculators.	1	
--  for me? Can't you do that for me? We can be	real good	friends, we can have wonderful times together. '' He came back to	1	
and farms. The cheapness of money in the Atlantic cities and the dearness of	really good	securities have jointly contributed to the investment of enormous amounts in mortgages on Western	1	
? '' '' It was. '' '' I should think you'd feel	real bad	? '' '' I do, at times. '' He smiled, and laid	0	
names yet. (A moment.) Name them all after you. Look	real good	on a map someday. Here's Virginia, here's Carolina, and	0	
, forget about the cost. Surgical strikes are the only strategy that stands a	really good	chance of achieving both of these geopolitical goals, period. Though either military	1	
delightfully that you feel a pleasure akin The New Novels to that of seeing a	really good	player in a somewhat trashy role. Miss Cholmondeley is full of minute,	1	
to wake up all of a sudden -- a fellow of my stamp -- and want to do some	real good	in the world? Well, it surprises me, and it would surprise	NA	
safe. And close them up tight.  #  JACK Marsha cut her thumb	real bad	last year carving pumpkins, so this year her dad said she couldn't carve	0	
've had spells of missing you too, John Turtle. '' '' That's	real good	, '' John Turtle said, '' the way we both been missing each	0	
lest the beautifully coloured and fragrant flowers which we pluck are poisonous. Is it	really good	psychology when Vauvenargues writes: '' All men are born sincere and die impostors	1	
'' replied the Mother-Duck. '' It is not pretty, but it has a	really good	disposition, and swims as well as any other; yes, I may	1	
there and mix it up like a longshoreman. But the joy of finding a	really good	bargain is worth it. '' One typical joyful day during last week's	1	
n't tell nobody. CHICKIE See, the truth is, Demaris you're	really bad	at this, but if you smoke a little crack, it's gon na	0	
Alexander Korda, and the war gave a further stimulus, with the need for	really good	propaganda. Films like Pimpernel Smith, The Way Ahead and San Demetrio,	1	
someone had given Katie. Ricky thought that it was bad.  #  ''	Really bad	! '' he cried. '' Wretched! ''  #  '' Oh, not that	0	
child, '' they teach you much where you come from. You can sew	real good	, you talks real good and you cook, but ain't nobody teach	0	
of bass).  #  '' There are probably four shops in California that are	really good	and this is one of the best, '' said Robert Louis Stephens,	0	
down to the earnest part of him, and Jim has, after all,	really good	, sensible ideas of life and aspirations after what is right and true.	1	
experience warrants the opinion that in London, as in New-York, the demand for	really good	railroad bonds has kept pace with the accumulation of unemployed capital, and is	1	
like me believes You're there and that you know Oscar hadn't a	really bad	hair in his head. Take his soul, Lord, and be as good	1	
and his associates are trying to find out what the new device or product is	really good	for. For example, the Diesel engine has found wide acceptance in America	0	
... &nbsp; LUCKY (smiling at him) Well, any time you want a	really good	cry, think of me, Pop. &nbsp; POP (he is at	1	
B.B. (my brother and father) if you ever wanted to father a	really bad	repeat bad (Give no quarter -- Take no quarter) boy then you have	1	
poker table. -- 110 -- &nbsp; DRAGLINEOh mah poor baby. They done you	real good	.... I don't know if you gon na have them	0	
, and others don't do it. I would rather that they all did	really good	work, but it's hit and miss. ''  #  Locally it's	1	
account of them feeling sorry for Mrs. Mulvaney, since she's a really,	really good	teacher, but she has never been able to have any kids of her	1	
up until something changes. Until some purpose is clear. It's not	really bad	timing for me, it's terrible timing for you. Excuse me. (	1	
Jarrett knows what it takes to stay in contention.  #  '' You have some	really good	teams with drivers that are hungry for a championship, '' Jarrett said.	1	
or something -- I don't know where -- and found out it was	real bad	; something bad. '' They had passed the boy and Marian looked around,	0	
armed, I don't even have a knife. '' '' He talks English	real good	, don't he? '' said one soldierto another. '' Of course	0	
when the play is over, the students are more reflective. '' It was	really good	, '' says Shina Mills, a sophomore. '' It helps teenagers not	0	
Maybe she's going to Hollywood, '' DeeDee said. '' Esther Williams did	real good	, you know, with that swimming stuff. Maybe they're going to	0	
... something about the stairway, my old man....	Real bad	nightmares. I keep having the same one all the time....	1	
took the Tube up to London andwalked up and down Bond Street to have a	real good	look at the shops and, above all, at the people who used	1	
can fill, and if she ever brings up that phrase again, something	really bad	is going to happen to somebody, you're just not sure who.  #	0	
comfort, neatness. And what do you think is man's idea of a	really good	haircut? One that doesn't look.as though he'd had a haircut at	1	
as my grandfather. We stop talking when the fight starts. My guy is	really good	. He comes out of the corner like a bulldog attacking an intruder,	0	
a conference game, it's not a sectional situation... But it's two	really good	programs, '' Clayton said. '' It's our best measuring stick in	1	
Frank, '' says Frank's father, 81. '' And it makes me	really good	and sad that he's not around here any more. '' His oldest	0	
do what I can to help you with Danny. -- He's not	really bad	. Nor is my Tom. -- Lord, I wish I had no more	0	
story again and again. It just came out one time, and it felt	really good	. Then each time I'd say it, I'd make it a	0	
goodness to us, so that we are treated just as if we had been	really good	when we haven't at all, and that is what it means where	0	
financial considerations worked out as they should be. '' // '' We'll take	really good	care of you, Bob. '' // I hung up the phone before	1	
halls and all-when Dad wasn't there. We missed opportunities. And I got	really good	at missing opportunities. I am Emily. Emily Rhode. When I was	0	
'' '' Spence Benkovic. I've seen him work a ship, he's	really good	. Someone was telling me he's still up on his moon colony.	0	
sonorous, bell-toned laughter. '' Shanghaied? -- you? Now, that is	really good	. And what are you going to do now? '' '' What are	0	
than come down in what they are pleased to name as their figures. A	really good	actor has little difficulty in securing an engagement at a reasonable salary. I	1	
to accept a rather dubious denial. Others, less interested, reflected that a	really good	comedian rarely laughs at his own jokes; that neither the joke nor the	1	
'' We ought to have made this fruit cake a week ago to have it	really good	, '' she said, and shelved the subject of Truxton Beaufort. ''	0	
. It's all true, what you said. And I think we did	real good	on the river, don't you? I mean, for amateurs.	0	
expectation disappointed, so much of preparation fall to naught, and so much of	really good	feeling excited in Christians of so many different and distant nations thrown back into	1	
what you were meant to do, what you believed in, what you were	really good	at. I'll tell you, nothing in the world is better than	0	
work every day and really take out your frustrations. '' // When he gets	really good	at it, the pro player becomes the consummate aggressor. He becomes Doug	0	
little shake of the head. '' I'm afraid you'll never make a	really GOOD	fraud, '' she said. '' You haven't got it in you	1	
n't have to walk a cat, do you? '' I could tell how	really good	the idea was by the expression on their faces. I could have counted	1	
his seat. It is this kind of ignorance of the simplest political matters among	really good	citizens, combined with their timidity, which is so apt to characterize a	1	
They were busy anyway, '' he drawled. '' Guess the storm hit	real bad	up there. Your visitor wasn't too sick, huh? ''  #  Dumb	0	
. ''' At's just a ordinary vegetable crate they stomp on. Splinters	real good	. '' A horse-drawn carriage. '' Shucks, them's coconut shells rapped	0	
, and heartily congratulate Mr. Campbell upon some portions of the dialogue, which are	really good	and far superior to any similar play which we have seen. But that	0	
. Many of your institutions are derived from Great Britain, and all that is	really good	, grand, and noble in the British Constitution, has come down from	0	
pretty good thing to bang them around for a little bit, and I felt	real good	about it. I went about closing the door real easy and then I	0	
it's about time I stopped using you as a source and closed you out	real good	. I can run you in any time I want. With your sheet	0	
regiment right up to the muzzles of a battery of guns, and feel	real bad	when the whole regiment has to be buried. Then they start thinking what ought	0	
at hiding their farlies. Inevitably, people who were really good at being	really bad	became master criminals. It was that, or die forever. There were only	0	
know how you like to steal things? You know how you're really,	really good	at it? ''  #  '' Yeah, '' says his father.  #	0	
hani would do. Xenophobia again. But in this case, xenophobia with a	real good	reason. I'm guessing Ehrran's real and immediate motive in going along	1	
than the nation as a whole, '' she notes. '' We have a	really good	opportunity here to get past the ideological debates over' good' and'	1	
pulse seem all right, and that bump on his head doesn't look	really bad	, but he hasn't moved at all. Can you think of anything else	0	
he thought of his making those notes. Then he despised himself, which was	really good	for his soul. His conscience, instead of rejoicing, rebuked him as	0	
the day's attendance at something like ninety-seven per cent of enrollment. That was	really good	; why, it was only three per cent short of perfect! Maybe	0	
actors, '' he said. But we really had a good crew and a	really good	, talented director (Peter Segal). And I'm doing the kind	1	
, and so I shaved off some jerky into a kettle and stirred it up	real good	with a fire under it. Soon I'd have us some broth.	0	
. A great one for small talk. And he loves-loves-above all things in life-a	really good	off-color joke. As for hobbies, not many people know about it,	1	
; so that Nelly, for the first time in many months, had a	really good	game of play with children of her own age, an intense pleasure to	1	
their superiors. And truly there is more than plausibility in the theory that a	really good	policeman would be efficient anywhere in proportion to his familiarity with conditions and personalities	1	
fight the Devil and has done so quite gallantly in four or five volumes of	really good	old-fashioned sermons, '' books, '' as he will tell you with a	1	
urges people to file their tax returns as early as possible, but is this	really good	advice? Paul N. Strassels, a former IRS legal specialist and author of	1	
This boy is a very good painter, for now. There aren't any	really good	painters now. But with false teeth, now, in his twenty-fifth year	1	
that although he had been guilty of a serious crime, he was not	really bad	at heart, and that this was his first offense, into which he had	0	
cool-looking Chinese guy? ''  #  '' No. ''  #  '' He's a	really good	friend of Artie's. '' Artie is Yvette's husband, a movie	1	
a whole lot of church-goin'. It's the whites that need it	real bad	. &nbsp; REVEREND DAWSONI think if you tried livin' in a town like this	0	
application for the position of nursery governess, only to find that, for a	really good	post, two modern languages would be required. That, coupled with the	1	
WIFE They're just making like? GIRL Yeah. WIFE They're making like	real good	. GIRL Ma! WIFE Is this my Big Boy? GIRL No,	0	
for, the information age has ushered in the best opportunity so far to make	really good	money - in the broadest sense of that term.  #  Researching ethics online	1	
got a gun in your hand and Beck Dozer is behind you. You look	real good	. Handsome. '' '' That's nice to hear, '' said Duncan	0	
her less; for she had the good luck to be naturally taciturn, and	real good	luck it was, since her appearance was so much in her favor,	1	
'' Ye gods. '' '' Steal our food if it ain't sealed in	real good	. ''? '' Gosh. '' '' Cute little critters. '' ''	0	
say the size of a battleship, |p226on top of it. You want a	really good	shock absorber system between the plate and the ship. '' Now put an	1	
her feet, kneading the muscles of his shoulders.  #  '' The Indians are	really good	at this. If you do it right, it releases all the toxins	0	
awful, '' Elaine says, crawling into bed next to Paul. ''	Really bad	. '' '' We have to try harder, '' Paul says. '' We	0	
excellent, '' said Gordon. '' There's some real good stuff there.	Real good	stuff. '' '' I agree, '' said Gene. '' You've	1	
say' No' to things. But I have often seen shows that were	really good	make the transition to great because of his intervention. ''  #  In Houston	0	
are falling through the air. '' '' But, did the country gain any	real good	by the conquest of Louisbourg? '' asked Laurence. '' Or was all	NA	
at the end of the dock. And he suddenly had an idea. A	really good	idea. '' Let's take it out, '' he said, lowering	1	
about a poor artist? She might paint a masterpiece, something she knows is	really good	, but if she's poor enough she'll sell it for a pittance	0	
#  '' She's coming this afternoon. ''  #  '' Well, you pay	really good	attention. Just let go of English and try to melt into the French	1	
a schedule if job security was an issue. '' The athletic director is a	real good	friend of mine, '' he joked.  #  Many coaches at the low-	1	
careful consideration, and an estimate of their capabilities. '' '' Are they not	really good	? '' '' They are worthless, '' the Colonel said. Then,	0	
to 911. No snoops. Just another day on the hunt. A	real bad	day for the chairman of the board.	1	
has caught on fine to city ways and the North, and she is a	real good	singer. The cabaret folks were real put out that she left them.	1	
and occasionally insulted each other, often in public! Cary never said a	really bad	thing to me, and if he spoke to me in a manner that suggested	1	
an emphasis that made the little maiden blush in her turn. '' You are	real good	, Bobby; but I will give you something for going. '' ''	0	
won. One day Uncle Willie said to Jeff, '' You're doin'	real good	, kid, and I'm proud of you. You're ready to	0	
glad we're pals. Irma told me to tell you she'd seen a	real good	performance of The Fantasticks in Mission Viejo. And it made her think of	1	
, '' she said. '' Gee, it's good to be back.	Real good	! '' '' Is it? '' the piano player said. The bartender	0	
how long have our feelings been identical on all points!!! The sole	real good	is some bright kindly spirit to sympathize with us, whom we thoroughly comprehend	NA	
mind. In those days, she liked me a lot. I was a	really good	mother, and she liked me. '' '' Maybe she still likes you	1	
see, on your way home from school. You've got ta go	real bad	, you're practically peeing in your pants. When you get to the corner	0	
ingenuity. '' That's pretty good, '' Badger said. '' That's	really good	. A man could really use that, just as you say, on	0	
end of the day, when you look at the caption, you get a	really good	idea of what s in the image. '' COMMON SENSE Von Ahn's	1	
and charitable, and in the sight of the world at large * was a	really good	man. '' So far it is well: but suppose that by reading	1	
'' Excellent, Ariel, excellent, '' said Gordon. '' There's some	real good	stuff there. Real good stuff. '' '' I agree, '' said	1	
was almost as good as Turner Gill. MOTHER Almost. HAROLD Turner Gill was	really good	. He was great. p. 15 MOTHER Okay for college. Not big	0	
so I'm curious what you've got to say that better be really,	really good	.  #  # BRENDAN # Call Ms. Dannon in from the hall first;	0	
Viet Nam. '' I was wounded, '' Tinsley said. '' They took	real good	care of me. '' Asked if his attitude toward the war or United	1	
's funny about it, Naomi. It's the one thing you were ever	really good	in. Remember that French teacher you had, Mrs. Gelfand, who could	0	
jumpy  -- looking critter, all teeth and claws, and this one was in	real good	shape, practically all there except for Cope's boys had given it new	1	
were running the risk of theatrical ptomaine. But 1937-38 was eupeptic. No	really bad	play landed on its feet, though several got passing marks almost entirely through star	1	
me. They just made canned soup on the sterno. It never gets	real bad	, they said. And then the ocean came right around the dunes and in	0	
, you know, like about our parents and everything. And that's	real bad	news,' cause it's supposed to be you keep your home life kind	1	
Congress in a 7,000-word report. Said he: '' Conditions in China are	really bad	.... Chinese soldiers die of malnutrition.... China's	0	
black with no new shiny ones comin in. HUMUS Yeh. That's	real bad	, Ma, all them black trophies and not a bright new shiny one.	0	
? On the surface, Boggs shrugs off Trammell. '' You can hit a	really good	breaking-ball pitcher, '' he says matter-of-factly, but then pauses, and adds	1	
others. '' '' Marvin's married an' moved up if Canada on a	real good	| job. He's practically a college graduate in electricity. Builds power	1	
the first time. New NASCAR fans might not even realize Labonte used to be	really good	because he hasn't finished in the top 10 in points in four seasons	0	
. ZEKE MCCOMBER Uh,... we caught the diarrhea. BAM	Real bad	. ZEKE MCCOMBER Didn't wan na disturb yore sleep. LOUISA (listening)	0	
do you say that? '' '' Heavy weather coming. '' '' Something	really bad	, you mean? '' Janet frowned, for she knew that it was not	0	
all obvious stuff, and most of the names were unfamiliar. All of the	really good	work being done in the field is still classified. I stepped back and	1	
, as to greatly detract from their influence when they attack one who is	really bad	. PERILS OF LEGISLATIVE LIFE. HOWEVER, there can be no question that a	0	
and I ever wanted to sing like Ethol Waters. But I havent had no	real good	job yet. I got to sort of wandoring around, and next thing	1	
I admire him as a writer and director, so I felt I was in	really good	hands, '' she said.  #  '' '' The disadvantage, of course	1	
America. Also, Mrs. Harper's man friend, Clark Poign-ant, was real	real good	to America. But then, America turned out to be bad and made	0	
would have been a little better if Stan was here, too. Still not	real good	, but better. With Stan gone, the circle we made that day	0	
got a gun in your hand and Beck Dozer is behind you. You look	real good	. Handsome. '' '' That's nice to hear, '' said Duncan	0	
Death is good as dead' cause this time Corky does right an' aims	real good	, no hurry... &nbsp; W.W. (beside himself). And	0	
in the succession of choice dishes and the variety of rare wines. In all	really good	dinners the brain and heart are more active than the palate and the stomach	1	
about, '' angrily rebuked Marian. '' It's hard on the girls of	really good	families to have to countenance such a person. I've lived at Madison	1	
that. What if there was something you could do now that would be a	real good	thing - but it'd mean you couldn't ever become a lawyer.	1	
opera, nearly always foolish, is concealed; and the music element, when	really good	, has its opportunity. It is conceivable, to be sure, that	0	
said Luke. He wanted her to go away.  #  '' It's	really bad	, '' she said.  #  '' I can't help you. ''  #	0	
Text are demonstrated in the plainest method that I can contrive so as to be	really good	Logic. This should be either accompanied by a second series of Notes,	1	
younger than Tia's dad... young and sexy and very good looking... and	really good	between the sheets. Shannon glanced at the man in her bed and shuddered	0	
KATHLEEN Me too. There isn't a big enough population to build up a	really good	bank account. CHAMP (Agreeing) Tell me about it. (They	1	
show before. Wow, he was jam up. I didn't know how	really good	they are. '' Their mom is right. Kent and Kevin are really	0	
athlete I am, just read the poetry I wrote yesterday. JOHNNY Is it	really good	, Pa? p. 29 ALEXANDER Good? (He leaps to his feet	0	
said I was about the best they was and so on, and acted like	real good	sports about it, I thought. They said, '' Okay, Will	1	
// under nineteen minutes for the three miles with a turn. And this was	really good	time, even compared with what is done nowadays. The '' turn ''	1	
. I recollect Mr. Gladstone's once saying that nothing was more needed than a	really good	life of Melbourne. In these letters he comes out extremely well, as	1	
veteran players they have on the team. I think that's what makes them	really good	. ''  #  The Comets didn't get their 14th win last season	0	
done by foreigners. Even in architecture we can boast of very little that is	really good	, while we have very much that is execrably bad. The truth is	0	
hands rather than using wasteful plastic utensils and paper plates. And if something	really bad	happens, like an accounting scandal, roll out the big guns: go carbon-neutral	0	
bias. It is not merely that the history taught is false; the	really bad	thing is that its falsehood is of a sort to make wars more likely.	1	
'' said the businessman. '' Damn it, you play good. You play	real good	. '' A light on the deAngelis flashed red and showed a reading of	0	
could never be bored with cooking once you know enough about it to be a	really good	cook. You can not actually be bored with cleaning once you set up	1	
for it. Well. Make him less power-hungry. Dream that he's a	really good	man. Dream that he's trying to cure you, not use you	1	
their warning: video games won't lead to anything unless you're really,	really good	at them. Johnathan Wendel, better known on the Internet by his gaming	0	
mean that you couldn't plant some other kind of fish in there. A	really good	cook can do wonders with carp -- and they do help to keep the	1	
he said to Collins, '' I'm looking for a hairpin bend, a	real good	horseshoe, something that'll make a sidehill blow for today's work and	1	
for instance. He sure has written a lot of books. He must be	really good	.  #  The tip of the Camel brightens as the Creature inhales. Blue	0	
won't ravel? '' she inquired capably of Abel Ames. '' These are	real good	value, Mary, '' she added kindly. '' Better su'prise the little	1	
have to look at the opportunity you're taking and ask,' Is this	really good	for the whole family?' We think this opportunity is a good thing	0	
Ahlie.... GAMALDIEN Yes Sena? DANIELS That offer of yours. That was a	really good	thing to do. GAMALDIEN No, no. It's not enough.	1	
are very charitable to blackguards, but who have no charity for the weaknesses of	really good	people. They will hunt out the act of thoughtless liberality done by the	1	
Proclamations, both the President's and Ruffleton's. '' '' And that was	really good	service! '' said Senator Langdon. '' Was it not? '' said	1	
would begin with the suggestion that most Americans have never had a chance to taste	really good	mutton or lamb, because farmers in the Corn Belt, where the nation	1	
the specialist, and it occurred to him that he would hear all the	really bad	news in his life in this very office; there would be today's and	1	
HELEN Yes -- you think it's good, that picture; I mean,	really good	? DORA I am sure it is! HELEN anxiously.Not for a girl,	0	
body feeling alive... No, exploding... it's like	really good	acid and being on mescaline for eight hours, sitting up in a tree	1	
call up the rich New York Giants or the flush Chicago Cubs and get a	really good	price for the rookie. This created a vicious circle in St. Louis:	1	
there, pressing its face near the glass as though it wanted to get a	real good	look out. The phone is ringing. The phone rings and rings.	1	
, this is a little too much! -- just as we were getting a	really good	position in society. If the marriage isn't put a stop to,	1	
Folks out in the yard hear her with no trouble. She and Swain sound	real good	together. She sing, he pick his box. It nice at Harpo	0	
have been entirely unselfish; and unselfishness is the test of a man who is	really good	and great. Judged by this test, General Oglethorpe stands among the greatest	0	
was doing a headstand for forty-five minutes every morning. Those gravity boots are a	really good	alternative -- the boots with the hooks on them so you can hang upside	1	
most he would like to claim is that he should be able to write a	really good	handbook on the subject, wherein such topographical, historical, and economic information	1	
are silly. We love them for it! And Fairy's good nature and	really good	judgment came to her rescue, and she smiled at Prudence with her old	1	
. '' That's a comfort. '' Even if my life is still	really bad	right now, '' Beamer says, '' someone else's life isn't because	0	
as good as you are. '' '' No, Jinny, I'm not	really good	. I have had many temptations -- for I was born with a high	0	
all I'm askin'. CATHERINE FERREBY Well I TIANNA BOSUN Five thirty be	real good	for Jimmy Ray an' that darned truck, which might as well be	0	
are like men. Some of' em look good, but they're	really bad	. An' that works the other way round.' '' Oscar Wilde stuff	0	
Time Mitchell went from armed robbery to probation. '' Story Time Mitchell has played	real good	for the Giants and stayed pretty much out of trouble with the law,	0	
would not be bad if, as one superintendent wryly observed, there was a	really good	test to teach to. School officials assign teams of extra teachers, tutors	1	
second. But that short sprint across the surface is often enough to nail a	really good	fish. I'm fully resigned to the fact that neither I nor anyone	1	
to the men and said to them: '' Now go out and do a	real good	job. '' One hundred relatives and friends of those receiving promotions attended the	1	
tantalize this good old granny by giving him doubts about me! I am	real bad	, Aggy; you know that! It is no story to tell it!	0	
people to make a contribution to the temple. If our actor-gods put on a	really good	performance, a temple's revenue can double. '' '' In that case	1	
're just fine, I guess. Uh, well, course you're a	real good	shot... and... uh... well, sometimes you look pretty as a	1	
the ones who wanted to go, Jed felt there was something wrong,	real bad	, about deserting the planet. Still and all, if they voted to go	0	
good man, and give him what you can for equipment If he is a	really good	man, he can instruct and delight his students, broadening their intellectual and	1	
go up in smoke, to fade away. I'd love to have a	really good	part in a good Broadway play -- or Off-Broadway play. I don't	1	
everything that is out there.  #  COMMENT, Mr. Robinson: So the	really bad	news is that 1,500 pages may not even be the whole story.  #  COMMENT	1	
Scouting. '' Most people, it turned out, thought it was all a	real good	idea. At the same time, GSUSA began to realize it was losing	1	
abbots, verifying with quotations from the original Latin. Once in a while a	really good	man takes the position and is an honor to it; but the genuine	1	
very much if some people have mistaken ideas about superiority. The problem is that	really good	education is in fact more readily available to some classes than to others.	1	
works it's great. If it doesn't work, it was a	really bad	idea. ''  #  Counting votes along the way  #  Historically, the party in	1	
to see Susie kick over the traces like this. She used to be a	real good	girlI mean it. Headstrong like her father, but good at heart.	1	
the long-distance' phone. This is important. I feel that I have a	really good	idea. '' '' But what do you suppose that Dakota Joe will say	1	
the world, '' Anne's father said. '' You know, turkeys from	really good	families. Turkeys that don't fool around. '' '' Don't mock	1	
but... '' Gina shook her head. She had known me in my	really bad	years.  #  When I got her answering machine, I asked, '' Hi	1	
's a good man, your father is, '' he said. '' A	real good	man. '' '' Yessir. We've had us some hard luck.	1	
. Bill took it bad, he was all broken up, took it	real bad	. &nbsp; LOTTIEGee, that's a shame. &nbsp; BILL #2I don't know	0	
time being because it would exasperate United States-Soviet relations without doing either of them any	real good	.	NA	
make me look like a freak and it will burn like fire and hurt	real bad	because she or Mama won't be around to control the fire on the stove	0	
Does it fit? WOODSY You do me good, Sal, you do me	real good	. You know what I gon na give you for that Stetson? Woodsy	0	
Nell answered him. '' I never even dreamed of it! '' '' Feel	real good	, huh? '' Sherry said, grinning at her as he closed the	0	
. Yes, my guard was rather high; and that kept me from being	really good	. '' '' What I mean is, in anger. Or in some	0	
falling into numerous messy situations too awful to mention here. I will never be	really good	again. I am not good. I am as ornery and difficult and	0	
flowed again. '' Lawyer Clinch keeps a hired girl, and I never saw	real good	butter made by a hired girl. They haven't the feeling for it	1	
the Duke of Cleveland, at Raby. His Treatise on Vine Culture contains more	really good	advice, and sensible suggestions as to the way in which this plant should	1	
t'ree shooters go down, but so does Mr. Corso. He's hurt	real bad	, but he says,' Go throw these cocksuckers in the river.'	0	
we'll move and then you'll get more fresh air. Fresh air's	really good	for you. And Brock'll be home and you two can ride,	0	
Nick Cassavetes says. '' They have one talent: they can love each other	really good	. '' Eddie, a small-time punk, is away when the pregnant Maureen	0	
a considerably larger acreage. It could be done by enabling them to attain a	really good	dietary. Nor is it necessary to accept that full estimate of 41 million	1	
worse when he started getting sick last fall.  #  '' '' I felt	real bad	, '' he recalled as the afternoon cartoons droned on from the TV in the	0	
just met another stone wall. '' Let's say you want to make a	really good	picture of something. I mean, really good. You use a laser	1	
to Kansas City, don't you remember? Or we can go on a	really good	train. '' '' I thought we flew to Albuquerque. '' '' That	1	
obviously they just paid for a pitcher with dimes and quarters, I have a	real good	feeling they don't have any more money. p. 31 NARRATOR Romaine Patterson	1	
... youth leaders. Compared to the world, face it, I am a	really good	person. Compared to most of the girls at my high school, I	1	
a lot of fun. Even if I had dreamed that I might become a	real good	player at a big-time football school, this is where I would have gone	1	
along with Nashua and Summer Tan. I thought it was going to be a	real good	race. // '' We knew Swaps was ready after his last workout here	1	
of view reg '' rding the lines on which it may proceed to do some	real good	. About these suggestions there was little theory and much that was concrete.	NA	
, particularly in the department of dialogues of which there is a great dearth of	really good	and FIT matter in most speakers. - - United States Journal. They are all school-like	1	
. '' Good night. A real good night, ain't it? A	real good	night. '' (Chinook entered the shadow cone of Danu, and half	1	
matter of psychology, Hot, that was somethin' I had to think over	real good	beforehand. I mean, you try that on the wrong feller and next	0	
we do something good? It could be good. It could be really,	really good	. Could it? Be good? CASEY I once believed I could be	0	
home. Here on the road he couldn't think at the moment of any	real good	that had come out of his ministry. His congregationat Mahanoy continued to grumble	NA	
that even you might watch. What I'm saying is... this is a	really good	opportunity, Amy. Don't blow it. ''  #  I laughed.	1	
founding of five different towns. He was the first to import to the prairies	really good	breed bulls from England, the first to bring in Black Angus cattle,	1	
so Grace won't have to. Grace rolls her eyes, which she is	real good	at, especially for a white girl. '' Word, '' she goes	0	
to us.  #  # FRANK # That's not good news, that's	really good	news.  #  # VIRGIL # We just wait until he leaves.  #	1	
Vietnam. The first flight was a prop job, and there came a	real bad	storm, lightning all around. I got a little tense on that one.	1	
We were talking about where I should go to get the best crack at a	really good	operation. '' You gon na run out of luck you keep hanging around	1	
form but a faint conception; but, notwithstanding the rage for its cultivation,	really good	music is not quite so plentiful as might be supposed, and the pain	1	
jobs.  |p209Agnes was sixteen before her second cousin Tom Wynne got what he called a	real good	look at her, and what he saw he liked. '' Theron,	1	
create a real environmental mess. And that could stop this technology from doing some	real good	. '' Superweeds  #  The fight over transgenic farming is anything but academic.	0	
's bound to be an explanation, '' Ezra said. '' I feel	real bad	about it, Ezra. '' '' I'm sure I'll understand in a	0	
! See, uncle George, '' said Rollo, pointing; '' they are	really good	large steamboats, and you would think they were only playthings. '' ''	1	
in law. I would think he had a bright future. He had a	real good	sense of humor. He laughed a lot. '' // At first, Mr.	1	
herself or for those dearer, she may carry out her ideal, and do	really good	and lasting work to a limited extent. If, however, she be	0	
, he advised us not to come out at all. '' Things are	really bad	up here, Jack, '' he said, '' I wouldn't try it	0	
Perhaps it was the El Al incident. Maybe it was the movie. A	real good	one. But it did not have an '' independence '' ending as the	1	
I believe, with Anthony Trollope, that a plot is absolutely necessary to a	really good	novel, and that it is the very soul of a romance. Of	1	
and no man commits a crime without in some way jnstifying himself. No	really bad	man believes himself to be thoroughly bad; as soon as he does he is	1	
inspect his own lower half. '' I'd say I'm havin' a	real good	night. '' He grinned again and flopped back onto my bed, arms	1	
players now are a lot more prepared than I was. They've built up	real good	college programs now. Look at the Braves organization. They're getting a	1	
something to help people be healthy, and making a small difference. We feel	really good	when a customer says,' Thank you for growing our food.'	0	
Who's winning? '' '' Eddie, '' Ben said. '' Eddie's	real good	. '' She looked at Eddie, who polished his nails solemnly on the	0	
the topsoil gone; another 100,000,000 visibly slipping. There remain only 460,000,000 acres of	really good	cropland, our national capital. All of it is subject to erosion,	1	
before. A few such criticisms will seriously curtail the flow of suggestions. Many	really good	ideas are obviousafter someone puts them into words? and cause one to feel	1	
fan of Herbie Hancock's hit '' Rockit. '' '' If you have a	really good	floor, you can spin around on your head. But I wouldn't	1	
what with kids mixing it, and everything. '' After a while I got	real good	at the job -- fast, I mean. I could mix it,	0	
walk up the wooden tower steps to his friends. But I don't feel	real good	about going deeper into the monastery. '' I've seen you and your	0	
out of my mouth before I knew what I was saying. '' She's	really good	at science and stuff. Got that scholarship and.... ''  #  '' Yeah	0	
don't try, '' DeBonis says. '' He'll lather a cheating horse	real good	-- but Angel's never vicious to horses. '' Also, Cordero has	0	
you crazy? Is that what you think about cops? You got a	real bad	attitude about us. Remy flips down his '' Police Business '' visor. &nbsp;	1	
radios? Man, our house was full of that shit. You were a	real good	thief, like me. (Pause.)' Member how you'd	1	
of laps, '' says Edwards. '' Plus, now we've got just	really good	cars for these types of tracks. I just hope it continues. ''	1	
shyly. '' If you do that again I will have to give you a	really good	beating, '' I continued, wondering if anything short of a tree trunk	1	
and all home. Now have $14.16 left out of $25. Dinner tonight was	really good	: fried bass, sweet potato, and raw spinach salad. March 14	0	
cameras. '' SURE, I WAS real proud today, but I'm not	real good	at that sort of thing. If I got no publicity, that'd	0	
my way home. '' Tears sprang into Charlotte's eyes. '' You're	real good	, Rose, '' she said; '' but I can't. ''	0	
, '' like all other animiles, has to be trained up before they're	real good	comp'ny. You have to begin with' em early, and begin as	1	
called Cutting Up. It's always packed, because not only is Miss Felicity	really good	, but also the fellows are partial to her good looks.  #  According	0	
with his fingers. &nbsp; TRUCKERWant this, Rose? Steak on a bun.	Real good	. &nbsp; ROSEUm... wouldn't mind just one bite. She	0	
for every weakness he could get -- Meetpoint'salways a good place for intrigues. A	real good	place to pick up rumors. And right around that time rumors were running	1	
#  The housecoat was mostly to cover my sweats, but it seemed like a	real good	idea in its ownself, and I fought to cinch it in place as	1	
went to Commencement at Waterville. Now the head master at New Coventry is a	real good	fellow, who knows a Sanskrit root when he sees it, and often	1	
, and turned toward me. Her eyes were puffy. '' Dub wasn't	really good	in bed-he passed out on me. I just said all that to get	0	
we want to work with Congress to narrow it so we get only the	really bad	guys. ''	1	
done. Everyone take five,'' Liz encouraged.'' Great.	Really good	,'' Allen beamed. A few coughs and sputters from up front	0	
near there even before the kids started gettingp415killed. She... she takes	real good	care of me. '' He offered them an uneasy grin and held his	1	
roses; but you can't thrive long on such unsubstantial diet. It was	real good	of you to read to those children so long. If I had been	0	
used to call it that, and so I do. And it s a	real good	name, come to think of it, - dumb foxglove. For it	1	
? '' '' Well, not quite. '' '' We'll have to take	real good	care of her, so she'll grow up big and strong, wo	1	
about it, but he was a sour sort. Ornery. They were both	real good	cowboys, but a lot of folks thought Cainey might be the best cowboy	1	
more I shall be falling in love with her, for I think she is	real good	, as well as being smart and bright.'' What! Dan	0	
No! Please save me! MRS. SIMMS-VANE I wonder if you are	really bad	. I doubt it. You are too young to be put in jail.	0	
in reference to all other trades and professions? It is a fact, that	really good	domestic service must continue to increase in value, just in proportion as this	1	
n't know why. (More pictures of kids.) I did a	really bad	number It went contrary, I think, to everything I knew.I'm not ready	1	
aromas of Saks! -- even Edie likes coming here, knowing that nothing	really bad	can happen, that even the most profound embarrassments are here diffused by the lilting	0	
means of the fire escape. It's one of the things you're really	really good	at. STAPLES Maybe. CHASE I'll call him. CHASE leaps from	0	
of it as he set there calling out, '' See, I can breathe	real good	. '' But his face kept getting redder so I thought the heat was	0	
, and called me in. If she's still there, and feeling	really bad	, this might be a good time to beat her up. '' '' If	0	
dory to take out and load on his boat. There had been no	really bad	weather since he'd started fishing his new string, and the children were coming	1	
then some port, '' he says. '' You know you're having a	really good	lunch when someone looks at his watch and says, My God, it	1	
took a swallow, and scowled. '' You're right. This is	really bad	. '' She tossed the dregs into the dirt beneath the magnolia tree. ''	0	
tub, my best friend who is going to help me make some money,	really good	French champagne. ''  #  '' MUST BE NICE, '' God said.	1	
Shedevil makes sounds. Big 8 goes to work.) ROB BOB She's	real good	, Littlebit. Gon na fix you right up. BIG 8 (Big	0	
, if he wants to stick around for a while and be one of the	real good	ones, he is going to have to pick up something else. After	1	
strong points and to carry off their weak ones, -- to take out the	really good	things which don't tell on the audience, and put in cheaper things	1	
the same to me, as you didn't go. And you were a	real good	girl, Bessie, to stay! '' What a safeguard is a definite	1	
my good old, deader-than-dead daddy. He taught me, and once I learned	real good	, I killed him. Rat poison in his underwear. Razor blades in	0	
But the only thing that really counts to-day is whether we are going to be	real good	friends, as you suggested. We are, aren't we? The	1	
SHEILA That's good, okay? No, really, Kit, you did	real good	. KIT I talked to Henderson till Christmas. SHEILA goes back to the	0	
into two or three cavalry charges. '' You seem to have been having a	real good	time together, '' said she, with a conventional smile, as the	1	
as hell. Now it's like it's the ass end of another	real bad	day, you know? '' '' See? Same kind of blues I got	1	
all, is the important point. It's practically impossible to find a	really bad	restaurant in Paris or to eat a truly bad meal. And you don't	1	
his first chute, and it went all to pieces and jerked the car	real bad	. He just held onto the steering till the car straightened out, and then	0	
d'know as I'd say It was at all. In my opinion you done	real good	. I d'know as I ever seed a purtier shot. '' '' Hit	0	
watch what you say about our boat anchor, '' said Zulaika. '' Holds	real good	, specially in the mud. '' '' God, you sluts can't	0	
also seemed like a cheap shot-like ending a romance right when your partner has	really bad	bed hair. The desert that day looked like a nasty case of prickly heat	1	
other a long time. Once, when Sweeney had been hospitalized with a	really bad	case of the DT's, Lou had taken him boxes of chocolates. Once	1	
his, efforts to solve the city's financial crisis, calling him '' a	real good	Mayor, sincere and honest. '' Earlier yesterday Mayor Impellitteri declined to comment	1	
and when it came open Jack found another dollar bill. '' She's a	real good	woman! '' he said, when he read his name and these words	1	
stable. She kind of a fine-lookin' bitch and she would've fit in	real good	. One night he told me to lay off and I did without any	0	
along	real good	till the dog thing. We got two kids each, only a year	0	
the pleasure of consuming choice meats is geographical. How often when, at a	really good	board, you are dwelling on chicken with all its fixings will you not	1	
crippled man who sweeps floors in the courthouse? '' '' Sure. Stutters	real bad	. '' '' I le saw the whole thing. He was sittin' on	0	
Aniston flaunts her toned figure in the January issue of GQ. '' It felt	really good	to be that comfortable with myself, '' she told the magazine. Asked	0	
you said about the bosses, and he told me that bosses could never be	really good	, unless the better element were allowed to vote, and not the saloon-keepers	0	
and their dear aunt said '' Me, too '' about the same as any	really good	aunt might say in my own country. I was then in a quandary	1	
the light of fuller knowledge or subsequent experience, the fortune which seemed evil was	really good	fortune in the making, that the chance act or encounter was too momentous	1	
we just gave up talking about it. '' Bad for a while, then	real good	, '' she said. '' It was like I was telling Rose.	0	
of deeper excellence. And occasionally we find something that is different in character and	really good	. One such example I have already S's STORES IN BEDFORD STREET,	0	
they began to think that probably the war was nearing its end. But a	real good	hearty war like that dies hard. No country likes to part with a	1	
the toilet bowl herself. Another pause, and she says, '' You looked	really good	in the second movement today. '' My mouth is full of rinsing water	0	
the days o' yer youth, Mas'r George. '' '' I'll be	real good	, Uncle Tom, I tell you, '' said George. '' I	0	
I don't see any real harm in them so far, and I find	real good	. '' '' Well, you know, dear, that Harry isn't	0	
which Mr. Downes would doubtless be glad to point out. If perchance any	really bad	composition should get on the program -- and it is impossible to say what may	1	
of all evil in politics. He thought that the clergy could not effect any	real good	lu the reform movement until they studied this true source of politicalcorruption, and	NA	
you look hard enough and long enough, there's always something, even on	really good	teams. ''  #  Final score: Bears 46, Patriots 10.  #	1	
married three times -- and marriage certainly pulls you down. If you want some	really good	advice, my dear -- don't get married. '' '' I will	1	
she lets out now and then, I'm pretty sure she's had a	real good	time; but, do you know, she won't acknowledge it.	1	
of men have their excellence, and, as far as they so, are	really good	; but they are short-lived. And hence it is that many pursuits in	0	
In the Harvard and Yale catalogues of last year I find but two or three	really good	combinations. Usually, when a new-coiner arrives, some old family name is	1	
and once she took to drink; but she's a fine girl, a	real good	fellow, and worth twenty like me. Come right in, and we	1	
been there a while, I'll get my papers and go contract machinist.	Real good	money. Maybe you'd do better, you try that. '' *	1	
corner and spent the next hours watching a tight baseball game in Riverside Park between	really good	competing teams of Puerto Ricans. Then he took a long walk by the	1	
to me every time I get into a really tight experience. That was	really bad	and it was bad for all black girls, you know. // It was	0	
and by the bones of Ben Ezra I don't think I ever found a	really good	book (except the Bible) at a farmhouse yet, unless I put	1	
poor indeed. '' Take it. I can get plenty more. I earn	real good	wages now. '' '' Do you? '' asked Amy, so wistfully	1	
better not to, '' she replied. '' In case the other is	really bad	luck. '' // She then showed me an ivory whistle made of two intertwined	1	
rising star, due for a posting to the West. That's where the	really good	ones went. TWO AND A half miles across town, Ed Foley was	1	
put! '' cried Stampoff. '' Now, Sergius, my lamb, a	really good	omelet, something grilled, and a bottle of sound Karlowitz -- none of	1	
her in the hallways. Tap/Owens recalls that their senior year '' it got	really bad	because there was a group of guys -- future fraternity guys who made up stories	0	
what you've done before, because that was just fine? '' You write	really good	dialogue. Stick with that, buddy. But stay out of those guys	1	
all over with. '' FOURTH TEN MINUTES. -- '' It begins to hurt	real bad	. I wonder if it ain't a'most time to take it off? ''	0	
glass from Coke and Seven-Up and Orange Crush bottles and I cut myself up	real bad	. I still have some scars. MULLIGAN He has the most liltless voice.	0	
soft hand, a firm grip, and warm skin. Not everyone had a	really good	handshake, the kind that made you think the person was worth knowing.	1	
her lap, reading from a comic book. -- 79 -- &nbsp; JOANNAThat's	real good	... so... Ooh, Mr. Death is mad now	0	
steady and consistent. He's not a hot-and-cold guy. Alex plays well for	real good	reasons: He works hard, he's extremely intelligent and he's tough	1	
tips that could lead to quick, follow-on action.  #  '' The guys got	really good	at searching these homes, '' said LCDR Cartwright of SEAL Team 5,	0	
rubbing.He felt sick, like he wanted to throw up, and his headhurt	real bad	. He thought he might cry, which would beawful because none of his movie	0	
I don't know. LANE Don't know what? KATE If it's	really good	. LANE after a long look.It's great! KATE Don't say so	0	
to know about me: 1. Fluent in French, intermittently. I'm	really good	at words like moi and trs, which seem to take care of just	0	
for. I'll have a lot of money by then and make her a	real good	funeral, maybe like the one they gave Bill Rooney's dad last year	1	
sure how to tell you this, Sam, but you've made me feel	really good	. You've given me hope that there's more to me than this	0	
the home. It's needed... Dr. Granison wants one there	real bad	! (closing the door as she goes out) BROTHER JEREMY All right,	0	
'' Alison countered. '' Remember your theory that Neverlin and the Valahgua must be	really good	allies because the Valahgua gave him their precious Death weapon to play with?	1	
'' Oh, Jesus. '' Then he says, '' Just wash it off	real good	, just rub it up and down. '' I know I'm in	0	
evening, and then parted, apparently the best of friends on both sides,	really good	friends on the duke's. The next morning a letter was handed Valerie	1	
panache, dazzling, dazzling!  #  '' Great! I mean, that sounds	really good	, Mr. Delgado. ''  #  '' Fine. You been treated okay here	0	
is so well-known everyone wants to take his picture.' It made me feel	really good	. '' Even when he was at a mow point -- the Vice-Presidential years	0	
October a company will be sent out to tour the country. It will give	really good	opera at a price most people can afford-perhaps $3 or $4 for the best	1	
, using only a little salt to make it palatable; a simple fare but	really good	enough for a king. On they went after lunch and they were lucky	0	
is that it portrays sex in perfectly choreographed ballets of bodies. How does a	really good	writer talk about sex-or anything else-without slipping into the tired language of porn?	1	
nightwatch stopped applauding the scowling Roscoe Rules, Lieutenant Finque tried to get everyone in	really good	spirits by showing them photos he had borrowed from homicide detectives of the monstrously	1	
. Paw Hoover was simply proving again what she had always known -- that he was a	really good	and kindly man. She longed to tell him that she hadn't set	1	
JOEYou got no place to go. &nbsp; AMYI bet that makes you feel	real bad	! You was always so noble and thoughtful and things. I bet you been	0	
It was true. '' '' I'm sorry, Mike. Is this	real bad	for you? '' | '' Disastrous. '' '' Does this make your case	0	
Barnsby  -- me and Billy Hinton's relief pilot -- claims he's got	real bad	bellyache cramps that won't let up. '' Weaver sniffed. '' I reckon	1	
can't you see? It's been so long since I've had any	really good	times and I'm hungry for them -- starving. And out there at	1	
, are honest and simple and dignified enough to fit in anywhere with other things	really good	. There is no pretense about them, no imitation. Therefor they are	0	
cold and menacing. &nbsp; DILLON (icy) Man, that's a	real bad	habit you've got. Dillon turns back to Ramirez, ignoring Mac and Blain	1	
too often, it might he a meat pie with kidney and vegetables or a	really good	pot au feu with all the seasonal vegetables in the broth and plenty of	1	
'' said the stable-keeper. '' By the way, how would you like a	real good	grasshopper? '' '' Too hot a day for the saddle, '' said	1	
he was always so gentle. I blew a line once and I felt	really bad	. He said, '' That's all right! You'll do it right	0	
from any lack of perseverance on his part to acquire it. His taste was	really good	, and any one who knows the cabinets which surround the walls? father	0	
said, '' where Papa had him sent. '' Joe began to sweat	real bad	. It made the collar of his blue denim shirt all wet. '' You	0	
. '' A swell town, '' he honked, '' where they treat you	real good	. '' '' Do they? '' I signaled him as best I could	0	
that it was all wrong. '' So at that conference I was anticipating a	real good	fight, which, '' Melosh announced with a shake of his	1	
all the time?'' Mr Davis, couldn't you just get a	really good	secretary to write it for you? I've heard that novelists did that	1	
he thought, not to be preserved in a case, and this was a	really good	rifle, easy to shoot, easy to teach anyone to shoot with,	1	
what brains Cod gave him to cover up what he done. I feel	real bad	about it, but that don't alter the facts and the probabilities. It	0	
at all. It was very hard to feel that Sir Maurice was a	really bad	man because he had by-passed this imbecility with a few cases of liquor. The	1	
on that ye jest naturally had to turn to meanness. Ye wasn't	really bad	; ye was jest alive. All yer life ye been hankerin' fer sumpin	0	
Why? '' '' Because it's one of those cases of a man of	really good	intentions, merely gone wrong. He was a horse-car driver, who got	1	
, is not surprised by the stats. '' I think it's a	real bad	idea to live with somebody. You don't really get the real person;	1	
the cake-cutter, which had belonged to our grandmother. '' I can do it	real good	. Miss Kennard showed us how, and I can make real straight slices	0	
got fired by PNS... I really need a string down here	real bad	. Cassady is finally impressed by Boyle's honesty, feels a little sorry for	0	
because I can sort of measure that.  #  But I also want to hire	really good	people who can learn quickly, who have the aptitude to be those wonderful	1	
storm? Disappointed. Because, although some of them felt like they had a	really good	reason, our procedures allow for our officers to get their families out of	1	
'd gamble on something big like this and that you'd hang tough against	real bad	odds. '' '' You're right about one thing, '' Logart said sadly	1	
a German astronomer who will always be remembered as the first man to draw a	really good	map of the Moon, commented that the stars in the Pleiades did not	1	
To pinpoint, to pigeonhole -- that you know how to do, you're	really good	at that stuff. You get hold of one viewpoint, one attitude about	0	
me to eat spinach which doesn't make me strong like Popeye but tastes	real bad	. Mama kisses me and it looks like she is crying and then tears fall	0	
all the doctors there how to do the surgery. He's so good,	really good	. '' I paused in the midst of my rant -- running out of	0	
to his interest in art. He was disturbed because the lithographers couldn't print	really good	likenesses of animals on their posters. Tracing the trouble to its source,	1	
Jimmy's down there with his grandmother, and Julia wants to see him	real bad	. That might be just the thing to start her off again -- do a	0	
none it but of course you dident only do Say so I give her a	real good	goen over and she says shes sory she done it i do nt want	1	
is so provoking, for, if he were anybody else, we'd be	real good	friends. He isn't in the least what I thought he was.	1	
these till winter. From Florida. This is your last chance to taste a	really good	orange before winter sets in. ''  #  If he, on rare occasion	1	
you touch the match to it, it's flashed at the other end.	Really good	stuff. '' '' Now? '' she asked. '' No, ''	1	
you, just the way you always see me do it. They're	real bad	men, now I tell you Melanctha true, and you better had hear to	1	
whisper. '' That bad guy he hurt my brother. He hurt him	real bad	. '' A single tear rolled down his cheek. '' I tried to stop	0	
I've seen it bad, '' says Brown. '' But this is	really bad	. ''  #  It is indeed. Maryland's department of natural resources reports that	0	
memory at all of having done the work. '' He's going to be	really good	, '' my husband reported matter-of-factly. '' He's got the touch.	0	
and they solutions. I felt like I had to go to the bathroom	real bad	and I could hardly hold it. I was waving my hand real wild,	0	
talk as if he would ever be one; but he seems to be a	real good	sort of a man. '' The high esteem in which his legal attainments	1	
book before. MEG I know, but now she's just scaring me	really bad	. BAYLOR Scarin' you? She's your own daughter for Christ's sake	0	
grabs purses, briefcases, whatever he can get his hands on. In	really bad	neighborhoods you were encouraged to hand over your wallet by the barrel of a gun	1	
, or a famous, expensive psychoanalyst? How do you know the man is	really good	, anyhow? The answer is, don't try to guess. Go	0	
thought about this. '' So when I made him fall, was that	real bad	? '' '' I don't know. Depends on why they think it happened	0	
worst bounty hunter of all time. To begin with, there are some	really bad	bounty hunters out there. And more to the point, Lula isn't actually	1	
It came from Aunt Huldy West, her father's sister. And it had	real good	receipts, too: baked Indian pudding, - the Wests was always great	1	
over in Jeffersonville. ''  #  '' Del is? ''  #  '' It's	real good	money. ''  #  The water boiled hard and I poured the cups full	1	
fixtures, and all we need it now is a highgrade designer and a couple	really good	cutters like that new feller which is working for us. '' '' That	1	
SHE WHO OPENS HEARTS Gorditas. NAOMI FAST TRACKS Cauliflowers -- artichokes. OWL MESSENGER	Really good	. NAOMI FAST TRACKS Roses. WIND HORSE SPIRIT WARRIOR Bananas. MESI TULI	0	
found him for a couple of weeks at least. So it makes me feel	really good	that he didn't have to die out there alone. MATT GALLOWAY I	0	
hole in the air. But it takes time for the bloom to get	real bad	-- and that helps you. On the other hand, if you've got	0	
takes a mighty close connection to get that. &nbsp; HARRISONYou must have been a	real good	customer, Jerrems. &nbsp; FLANNERYTell us how good, Jerrems. Jerrems puffs	1	
to tell you the truth, '' she said. '' There's nothing here	really good	. It is always much better to buy of the makers direct. ''	0	
right, at that. I couldn't be less consistent. Does it -- is lobster	really good	? '' '' Why, it's the most exquisite food there is.	0	
. On the way back, somebody would be sure to have to go	real bad	, so bad they couldn't wait. Since Oliver was in a hurry to	0	
, returned carrying his friend's grip and gun. '' Now, that's	real good	of you, Sid. '' '' Get any shooting down at Dyer,	0	
I never thought my daughter would be one of them. Susan has had a	really good	life. We've given her every advantage. '' I nudged her back	1	
good, '' admits Unseld, '' and I'm prejudiced, but he's	real good	. ''  #  Now in his third NBA season - and second healthy season	0	
helps to bridge over a trying situation as good breeding. The breeding which is	really good	, out of the inner life: kindness and the reluctance to inflict pain	0	
has to be mentally ill-not at all. All you need is to have a	really good	income and be frightened of aging, which results in hoping a younger person	1	
of home runs. I thought he might be arrogant. But he's a	really good	teammate, and he handles himself well. Through this entire media parade,	1	
. Gene told him off. I was in the computer room when the	really bad	gamma radiation came. Three times the counter rose up, and three times I	1	
all he could muster. '' Good night. ''  #  '' I feel	real bad	, '' Freddie said, stepping forward, a hand outstretched. '' Here's	0	
, I believe, to the charm of the English summer - weather, the	really good	days of which are the most delightful that mortal man can ever hope to	1	
an' I wish you'd go easy on him. He ain't	really bad	. '' T. Morgan Carey pounded the back of the seat in front of him	0	
slow, sexy wink. &nbsp; KAT cont. (to Binky, indicates drink)	Really good	. ON JOJO, turning green. &nbsp; JOJOYou can have mine. &nbsp;	0	
anyway, the reason I'm calling is cause I sorta hurt my back	real bad	today Yeah, I slipped on the ice and landed on the old sacrosternum Yeah	0	
they knew, they have not the money or the trained personnel to do a	really good	job at anything except their present chief interest, which is helping to sell	1	
more love in it than she cared any thing about, but it was ''	real good	, every bit of it. '' Fanny had not a very high regard	0	
the school authorities and of the Governor that they have Imposed this condition. No	really good	teacher will complain that the public is to have decent security that more nay	1	
Came in From the Cold by John Le Carre // 10 Books Recommended by a	Really Good	Elementary School Librarian // The View From Saturday by E.L. Koningsburg // Frindle	0	
speakeasy in Salt Lake. In the front door and out the back at a	real good	clip, and he did it so fast and smooth that nobody even spilled	1	
used to.listen to Julio play, too, '' I said. '' He was	really good	. We'll have to tell someone. '' She nodded once, eyes	0	
, '' says Munson. He slaps me on the back. '' That's	really good	. '' The night men drop their cash envelopes into the safe and then	0	
senseless controversy into comfortablemonologue: there was nothing in the world so restful as a	really good	English colonel. She nailed her smile to the mast and reverted to the	1	
HAGAR (Putting her coat back on the hook.) And I can apologize	real good	to Sarah. Wash her feet or something. SARAH (Frosty.)	0	
shall give Professor Gray's description of the two species which have furnished our few	really good	varieties, and dismiss with mere mention a few other species. '' Rubus	1	
More fiber, you want I should get? I don't think Metamucil dissolves	real good	in A-Positive. The technical reason for why I don't cast a reflection	0	
ears like very false enthusiasm. '' I've been thinking of getting myself a	really good	camera, and I want some advice. I think you're both devotees	1	
beautiful. I love you so much. You know that's the first	really bad	argument we've had in in a long time. I didn't like it	1	
I'm a B journalist, '' he says. '' But I'm a	really good	cartoonist who does journalism. '' He spent his 20s bouncing around a slew	1	
neck, and sobbed out all her wretchedness. '' She knew she was	real bad	, and people didn't like to have her play with their little girls,	0	
. The array of '' yes '' men seemed like something out of a	really bad	movie. Gold had earned his rank during the war when patriotic fever swept the	1	
but he dead too. LENNY What? MISS REYES Yeah. He was doing	real good	, too. He finished his treatment program, and he got, like	0	
'' recalls former Dodger Scout Clyde Sukeforth. '' He could run and he had	real good	power. '' Brooklyn almost signed Doby, but news that the Indians also	1	
'' and was probably the only child in Hoboland who was ever taught to be	really good	. The mother had stipulated with the men that they should never teach him	0	
good intentions? JAKE (About SALLY) I recognize her. I remember her	real good	. We went through somethin' together. (JAKE fixes on SALLY as	0	
still a frustrated man. Not about football, of course. '' I feel	real good	this year, '' he says about that. '' I'm cutting back	0	
Stiva's tomorrow. Charlie Shleckner is laid out. I hear Stiva did a	real good	job on him. '' New York has Lincoln Center. Florida has Disney	1	
. This is his 15th NFL season.  #  Says Marino: '' I feel	real good	throwing the ball. I think my legs -- because of all the operations	0	
brown drugstore bottles through, Sparrow decided to himself. '' Blind guys can hear	real good	sometimes too, '' he ventured, studying Pig's fat face. And	0	
#  Meg looked at them evenly. '' Things are bad. Things are	real bad	. '' They waited. '' Alison left for good, '' she said at	0	
ma always after, though Melanctha, just like always she is, always was	real good	to her ma after, when she was so sick, and died so	0	
a burly tom named Hobbes said. '' They wait until you're feeling	really bad	, and then they take you to the Pain Place, to the Torture Place	0	
JOAN) Ach darling! Isn't this gemutlich. There is nothing like a	really good	department store. GERTRUDE STEIN (glumly) I am here steadily and without	1	
''' Twasn't charity, Missus.' T was because Doc was always	real good	to me and he's a friend. '' 66 THE ASCENT RANDOM WINDS	0	
'' How you been? ''  #  '' Fine, '' I said. ''	Real good	. Things are good. ''  #  '' You still living at your mama	0	
's never said that. I sat there crying, thinking he must be	really bad	to say so. ''  #  She continued the battery of tests that would determine	0	
(To Robbie.) Were we slick, or were we slick? ROBBIE	Real good	. ATA WINDUST Real good! p. 51 BO SMITH (About Ata,	0	
adding, gratuitously, at the close, '' And tend baby, too,	real good	. '' Her eyes filled, as she thought of the Grubbling baby with	0	
of human nature and keen intellectual appreciation of the completeness of detail essential to a	really good	story. '' -- Buffalo Commercial Advertiser. IN PRESS. WILL BE ISSUED	1	
the appearance of the slogan, on billboards and in newspapers: '' Just a	real good	bolt of artificial silk! '' NOT all of Mr. John S. Sumner's	1	
back he had this great way to do shots, because the vodka tastes	really bad	over there, '' she said. Jen took a water bottle out of her	0	
said, and that's the way he talked. '' He's a	real bad	one. He wants to spoil all the fun. After Kris Kringle goes,	1	
were passing for white all over America. We were determined to epater le bourgeois	real good	via this white couple we had cornered, when the woman leaned over the	0	
team. I'm trying to get myself ready physically and mentally. I feel	real good	. I'm getting ready for it, to make that run. ''	0	
long crooked stiches, remind me of that little crooked tune she sing. That	real good	, for first try, I say. That just fine and dandy.	0	
shouldn't have done that, '' he moaned. '' That was a	real bad	idea. '' '' How come? '' I asked. He shook his head	1	
Don't make such a fuss! It seems as though I never get a	real good	night's rest any more. '' He came on, opened the door	1	
you. '' America's nanny's name was Mrs. Harper. Mrs. Harper was	real good	to America. Also Mrs. Harper's half-brother, whose name was Browning,	0	
.  #  '' You don't know from one presentation on whether they have a	really good	plan, '' he said. '' I don't know. if a	1	
and Newport, and Saratoga, and into the Country. It made it	real bad	for Miss Flamm. Now I always found it healthier where Josiah wuz than in	0	
the circumstances under which they lived. Although prevented by insurmountable obstacles from effecting any	real good	, and even hurried reluctantly into a participation in excesses which they internally abhorred	NA	
''  #  He smiled. '' I think I'd know them. We were	really good	friends. ''  #  '' Would they know you? '' Matt remembered knocking	1	
of fish. Pretty Kettle of fish,' he says. It's a	real good	joke. I can see that. Then he clammed up all at once	1	
, not bad, she would not have been so dear had she been	really bad	, but just naughty sometimes, and I must confess '' sometimes '' came pretty	0	
Albert? '' '' Oh, sure, sure, '' he said. ''	Real good	. In two days, three days, I go home. Hey,	0	
all by erself right now. With ev'ybody gone, she'd feel --	real bad	maybe. '' '' Yeah, tha's true. Po Miss Lucy, ''	0	
--  she's nice. &nbsp; LINDADid you ever hear Susan Raye? She's	real good	. &nbsp; LIEUTENANT COLONEL CHARLES RANENope. &nbsp; LINDAShe's from California. Bakersfield	0	
doctor had told her. '' If I'm busy or out, keep a	real good	eye on her, would you, Shar? He -- '' Dawning.	1	
to make it clear to the King when she wrote that they were ''	really bad	, '' that they had injuredhim and not only him, but all of Spain	0	
' on? &nbsp; DICK (to Chuck) You're gon na feel	real bad	about this. You know that. Chuck knows it. &nbsp; DICK (to	0	
'' All the same, I got to tell you I've got a	really bad	feeling about her being alone in a hotel right now, '' he adds,	1	
n't think anything more about the day; it's not -- it's not	really good	for you; you must cheer up, little woman. '' '' Yes	0	
he hovered about here, until I got back. '' '' Politeness, and	really good	manners. That's all. What people used to call a well-brought-up boy	1	
as well as all other elements of technical change, is not' Is it	really good	?' but' How can we accelerate its application and make it work	0	
might even find a natural pearl or an unrecognized tsavorite garnet or a piece of	really good	old orange citrine-mixed in among crap like gold nugget bracelets and blue topaz pendants	1	
the tavern with her and Chad. '' Do you think I'll ever be	really good	? '' '' You're good now, '' Fred said. '' But	0	
people cheering, the way I had run a smart race and how really,	really good	it was to take on good people and win. '' // There could	0	
how effective that is. Some states, California, they get the work out	real good	, some places, they're real remiss. Buncha states actually draggin'	0	
to memorize. We are now ready to appreciate the statement that good memorizing is	really good	thinking, and that improvement in memory is mainly improvement in attention and in	1	
point of view? '' It isn't because baseball in my opinion does more	real good	than all the socialistic documents put out by high-browed agitators will ever do,	NA	
'' asked the girl. '' I guess you're tired. You had a	real good	time, now, didn't you? '' '' Yes, dear heart	1	
. ''  #  '' Ivy. How are you? ''  #  '' I'm	really good	. How' bout yourself? ''  #  '' Couldn't be better.	0	
Fuego, whose street- translated name was Fiyah. Eva missed her  #  cousin	real bad	. But Fiyah's mother had gotten out of rehab a  #  couple of years	0	
Santo. Bright colors, kitschy Madonnas and candles everywhere set the scene for some	really good	Mexican food -- a cut above the usual burrito-taco fare. And it's	1	
not known about until shortly before the trial. '' It turned out to be	real good	tax planning, '' one of Barrera's law partners said recently. ''	1	
canvasbacks, the best I ever saw -- it was in the hope that some	really good	friend of mine would come in. Behold, I am happy -- I	1	
And medicine. And being in bed. And he hadn't started feeling	really bad	until he'd started the treatments, and if he was going to die anyway	0	
100 SARS patients here, if not several hundred. The conditions here are	really bad	. We're not allowed out of this room. We pee in this room	0	
question. And everyone that I know that bought that stock at $ 1.80 feels	really good	today.  #  M. Douglas Ivester' biggest move is the Cadbury Schweppes acquisition	0	
played year-round baseball every year until 1958. Those people in Latin America like you	real good	if you can throw hard. But I also found out they take their	0	
out the letter and showed it to Wang Ta. '' So you are a	real good	Peking cook, '' Wang Ta said after reading the letter. '' My	1	
image. Finally, we both thought it sounded finished. I thought it was	really good	. She'd get in. That's for sure. She gave me	0	
know, '' he said, and shrugged. '' Parker thinks it's a	real good	joke. He says it's her fault if she doesn't check.	1	
pink into the world some are naturally perspicacious little devils, and others are just	real good	correspondence school prospects. SILLY and hopeless is the plan adopted by the public	1	
well, they certainly never met Jamie Hathaway. Jamie was good to me.	Real good	. That's all I wanted from him to be good to me.	0	
marquis and collected tapestries -- that was after I was wounded in Padua. The only	really bad	time was when a tailor named Finkelfarb found a diary I was trying to keep	1	
left with a Jeep driver whose English was worse than my Spanish (i.e.	really bad	) should have been my first clue that this was no ordinary river kayak tour	0	
'' '' Buy a little cheer for the birthday party. '' '' That's	really good	of you, '' Gloria said, folding the crisp note into her shirt	0	
before she met this doctor, and even now she certainly had not been	really bad	. For several years now Anna never even saw her friend. But Anna always	0	
Village People but now he's our best waiter-and, of course, like most	really good	waiters, he's also our biggest pain in the ass. '' Photograph	1	
, sonny, I wouldn't mind takin' of it. It's	real good	medicine that the doctor left you, an' father's payin' consid'able	1	
little doom and gloom in the Chelsea Green catalogue.  #  '' There's a	really good	sense of humor here, '' said Jim Schley, the editor in chief	1	
, '' I'll tell you what, kiddo. If you are really,	really good	I'll try to find you a pair of those boots. '' The	0	
with the resident officers of the Hospital; and was always regarded by them as	real good	company. He ended his days there in peace and comfort, in 1819	1	
any guarantee that any other station would ever hire me. It is not a	really good	career move to publicly defy management.  #  In hindsight, I believe it	1	
I felt really bad. One video we watched about AIDS, I felt	really bad	and I started to cry because I felt really bad for the people who do	0	
Meanwhile they could throw a proper wingding to celebrate. '' Good night. A	real good	night, ain't it? A real good night. '' (Chinook	1	
Listen to me. I want to marry you. My uncle offered me a	really good	job in Chicago with his advertising agency. We'll run away. Meet	1	
cigars? '' '' Yes, sir, '' said the chauffeur. With the	really good	cigars and the case of whisky Mr. Sinkins rested content. His lunch,	1	
just flows. '' * Sidebar Bosom Buddies What does it mean to be a	really good	friend? For some answers, we took a look back at classic gal	1	
with absolute impunity. Of course, oven the lay reader will understand that a	really good	counterfeit bank-note, as a work of art, has a certain value which	1	
, Daddy, and Baby, in matching moods. Bad. Really,	really bad	. Peter was irritated because he'd had to get up before eleven. Ruby	0	
. I'm going to freeze it on the truck. It's not a	real good	shot but we're having one of our techs making a still of it	1	
struggles, more than the great ones, make up life. '' You're	real good	, '' said Gypsy, surprised; '' I think I'd rather not	0	
student deferment. I was 4F for acne. Honest. If you had	really bad	acne on your back, they were afraid it would get infected if you carried	1	
so they will be studied with extraordinary care. They will have to' be	really good	to be acceptable, but nobody can figure out how they can be.	0	
as rapidly as it ought. Places must be left unfilled until congressmen have some	really good	men to be put in training in first-class clerkships; or else persons must	1	
lonely. p. 30 TWO (hearty) Plenty a company right here. THREE	Real good	company, if y' ask me. TWO and THREE guffaw, ONE	1	
sighed and got up to rummage around the cabin. The snakeproof pants had done	real good	, but he did not trust them entirely. There was some sheet iron	0	
God, I wish I did know. He said: '' Is Leaford	really bad	? '' Willfrcd coughed and then picked up a handful of salted nuts. He	0	
, they're the ones who make great fortunes. If this man has something	really good	, we might all make some money out of it. What's his	0	
the place. We helped a few get out. They? was burned	real bad	. '' It's a bad mess=-people's eyes burned, their faces. I	0	
. How I adore your generous, your noble spirit! While limited to the	real good	of that girl; while zealous to confer happiness on her, without an	NA	
surprise Neil on his return from Palm Beach. For the first time she felt	really good	about living in L.A. She was glad that Neil had talked her into letting	0	
got all of it. We got all kinds and you gon na fit in	real good	. Course in case you git rabbit in your blood and decide to take	0	
things Lane Fleming wouldn't have allowed in the house, all hanging where some	really good	item ought to have been. '' He took a paper from his pocket	1	
barber, '' remembered the agent. '' Anyhow, Danny, it is looking	really good	on The Tapioca Backlash. Don't despair. I'll be talking to	0	
of great individuals down in Peoria, it looks like there's a bunch of	really good	teams, '' Malnati said.  #  Malnati said center/forward Bob Anderson is fully	1	
ordered by the kind Saviour, who would send nothing that was not for her	real good	. Such a belief, fully realized, would soon relieve most of us	NA	
it to age 100. These days, you had to hit 120 and look	really good	to get your picture on the newslinks. It was the kids who benefited	0	
up.  # ' We have a lot of great kids. The future looks	really good	for us.'  #  '' It is a rebuilding process, but we	0	
you never get in trouble!!!. NICHOLAS You don't do	really bad	stuff, right? DOGBRAIN I can only do what you want me to.	1	
a stenographer from Brooklyn who was stranded by the strike. '' They make a	really good	salary and have good benefits. '' More strikes coming? Government officials were	1	
belief that the microchip David wouldn't rile Goliath unless it had a really,	really good	case.  #  But by week's end analysts were asking whether the Digital	1	
me a lot of stories. '' '' Good ones? '' '' Yeah,	real good	. '' '' I'm going to miss her so much. '' ''	0	
1954, A. Story by Frank O'Connor which was girls. He had a	really good	eye for a girl, and a corresponding vanity about the ravages he could	1	
hard, but we get guys every year from the Midwest -- guys who are	really good	whitetail hunters -- who have heard that you have to be hiking by sunup	1	
''  #  Earl's look got uglier. Right away I seen that went over	real good	with him, what I'd just said. Earl had been in the	0	
tongue. There isn't Bonfanti's equal, however, in America, for	really good	articles of this description. I can recommend you to him with confidence,	1	
, and in a few incidents the atrocious. Yet there was about him a	real good	nature which, in concerns of love, by its mere automatic acquiescence,	1	
, that we were really a pretty good team, and that I could be	real good	if I'd only concentrate. Again my mind had been somewhere else all	0	
more about rock and roll when it comes to women, and it's	really bad	, '' she said. Daniel returned from talking with Rick Derringer. '' He	0	
. Then finally: &nbsp; ROSEIt's so good to be home. It feels	real good	to be home. And, uh... you're my family	0	
guys or career contacts at every function, but you may be someone who's	really good	at connecting with one or two interesting men or a potential boss. ''	0	
few specimens each which we pay for them by the hundred. But of the	really good	sorts are there shrubs enough, you ask, to afford new lists year	1	
, who's very secretive. &nbsp; RICHHey, asshole, you interested in some	really good	shit? &nbsp; REN (shaking his head in mock amazement) Golly,	1	
of keeping so still. How long will it be before we can make a	real good	noise, mother? '' '' And how long before I can sing,	1	
Italian sausage, and her greens. They the best. She rinse her greens	real good	. Don't be nam grain of sand in them, and she cook	0	
all by your lonesome. I know just how you feel. I'm a	real good	friend a Nell's and I wouldn't want no friend a hers to	1	
the policeman to determine that the house was vacant. '' Is it in	real bad	shape? '' Rochelle wanted to know. '' Is that your real hair color	1	
sergeant's job consists of requisitioning and accounting? Similarly, is it surprising that	really good	musicians have done better at radio-code work in the Army than some who had	1	
often used to tell the children when they wuz little, that if they wuz	real good	he would take' em out on a walk to the grave-yard. And	0	
the long vista of the village street. '' He hasn't given me one	real good	look yet. I suppose if I were a patient he would favour me	1	
energy, and living on alcohol, and that's no way to write anything	really good	. '' '' I have been in quite a state, '' he said	0	
hadn't wanted to. All of a sudden this was seeming like a	real bad	idea, but the kid's eyes were intense, and so Grady said what	1	
tastes can be almost indistinguishable from their parents'. '' The sign of a	really good	effort for kids is that the adults can stand to listen to it,	1	
have considered your draught of an address. It will not do; it is	really good	for nothing. But, Sir, I have taken the trouble to write	NA	
rouse the most violent antagonism among scientists, and if you succeed in getting any	really good	man to take it up -- which I doubt -- he will be merciless	1	
around. But how? '' '' Well, Anna -- she's got a	really good	head on her shoulders, that girl... '' '' And an uncommonly pretty	1	
put at your weight on one pedal and bar, you'll get a	really bad	wiggle when you hit the bump. It'll turn you -- or ruin your	1	
'' a passable wagon wheel can not be made of California wood, nor a	really good	one in Oregon. '' But California has, at the present time,	1	
I feel tired. TWO (feeling of its face) My skin's	real bad	. Pause THREE Terrible winter we had. Just terrible. p. 35 TWO Do	0	
, by virtually acknowledging the parentage of Ishmael and betraying Herman Brudenell -- and without effecting any	real good	to the lady or the child, since in all human probability the child	0	
Wesley's such a good Samaritan, he doesn't realize. Are you a	real good	friend of Mrs. Simp-son's? '' '' No. '' '' Well,	1	
, common servants in a dirty kitchen. Mother would spare me, to a	real good	situation; and I would come home Sundays. '' '' I see.	1	
never go to the race track unless I have something running or sometimes for a	real good	race. '' Meshach '' Mish '' Tenney, Swaps's trainer, was	1	
everybody. Anyway there was eight or ten sheepherders, and there's some	real bad	animals here on Sidhe, so if you're going to keep sheep you'd	1	
flick  -- the reviews said that there was some great bloody stuff, battles,	really good	gore, y'know what I mean? '' For a moment Chub was tempted	1	
said to himself, '' She's a sweet little thing; and not	really bad	. '' He was right there: Lily was not bad; she was as	0	
you in my life. PASSAGE You have your own sun on fire. Take	real good	care of me. Take real good care of me, Narmer. MUSIC	1	
T was a great deal wickeder for her than it is for me -- her disposition is	real good	, and mine was born awful. So Prudy can't say a word	0	
in me iforia's remarlis concerning the high prices charged for a dinner at a	really good	restaurant. We regret to be obliged to add that this wise discretion is	1	
bars. Come Away with Me -- by virtue of being inoffensive, authentic and	really good	-- was inescapable. If Jones wasn't laying down a mellow vibe for	0	
and talk like Solomons to a class of wondering pupils: but once get a	really good	doctor in a place, a man who knows all about everybody, whether	1	
623022  #  Sharmeen Obaid had a really good story. What she needed was a	really good	resume.  #  A native of Pakistan, the 24-year-old Stanford graduate student wanted	1	
will gain a pretty good idea of which wines correspond with which foods. A	really good	wine shop may even have suggested general food pairings with the wines.  #	1	
private, come out and have some tea with us. We have some	really bad	news for you. This wasn't true, but if he'd said,	1	
only be '' good '' by denying himself. But the only goodness that is	really good	is a spontaneous and impersonal evolution, and this occurs, not where self-	0	
in preparations for the future of The States. I only wish we could have	really good	translations. I rejoice at the feeling for Oriental researches and poetry, and	1	
and destructive plan. '' Or the Venezuelan playboy who explains, '' All my	really good	paintings are already somewhere else. '' When he parks his Rolls-Royce at the	1	
be derived from it. Of the things which we have added, some are	really good	, others appear so, but the total effect does not seem so very	0	
? p. 5 HIRAM (Nervous fidgeting.) Well, the light weren't	real good	, so (Sees BIRDIE MAE's hard stare.) Brown, I	0	
the broader public road leading from Lexington to Frankfort and the travelling began to be	really good	, the horse caught one of his forefeet against the loop of a root	0	
suggested that this explained much. '' But I ai nt used-a think he	really bad	. I speck he ai nt meant nothin but grab at money. Den Miss	0	
I told Ohio State I wouldn't be available, but I had '' a	real good	friend who would be perfect, Paul Bogatay. '' He went and stayed	1	
who work for Nike. They can go back to the classroom and have a	really good	discussion about what Nike's doing, '' says Thielman, referring to the	1	
names at first, sometimes miss other things, too, unless I have a	real good	view of the speaker's face -- took a tissue from a little bag	1	
. We had respectable pictures, long before we had a single building in a	really good	style; and now that we have some noble paintings and statuary, architecture	1	
It was a helical gear in the shape of a truncated cone, and a	really good	piece of abstract sculpture. Like the spear of a narwhal, thought McArdle	1	
. '' When you scratch a name and put another one in, that's	real good	evidence you're switching medicine and that's absolutely forbidden, '' Bryant said	1	
out of steam because, said Barrett, '' we just couldn't get a	real good	handle on the deal. '' In reality, the probe was far too	1	
then we only have one day of school left before the weekend. Friday is	really good	, because that's when the school week is over. But the best	0	
silence for a long moment. &nbsp; WANDAHow are you doing? &nbsp; WOLFGood;	real good	. Wolf looks as if he's about to burst into tears as Nick	0	
U.S.-backed Salvadoran forces. The guerrillas, says a Washington-based intelligence analyst, '' are	really good	. They're flexible. There are no Ho Chi Minh trails this time	0	
, and general manners. I hear that you are very self-possessed, which is	really good	news. My friend Mrs. Beacon was here last week, and she says	1	
. '' I' ll send Milly to talk to you. She is a	real good	Christian. '' '' Milly is a very nice woman, '' said Tiff	1	
to use it but I can't. I have to usel, it	real bad	. It stinks so much and I stink so much and I never knew people	0	
? Isn't his waking up, even for just that little while, a	real good	sign? '' '' Ye.,, it is. It's not a	1	
, how's Ma these days? '' Jules asked, backing off. ''	Real good	. '' '' And Betty? '' '' I don't know, the	0	
art, you know, and I'd like to know her if she's	really good	. But didn't her brother say she wouldn't come uptown? ''	0	
most nutritious staples  #  Your favorite fruits are out of season, and the last	really good	tomatoes are a fading memory -- but that doesn't mean you can't	1	
have done it. Killed the guard and freed your friend. Very good,	real good	. Everyone now, let him know how much you liked that performance.	0	
everybody else we happen to run afoul of or that comes handy. Zach is	real good	company, although he does call me Posy and Pink and Geranyum and dear	1	
,' in answer to his vain boasting, that I had done '' more	real good	in one year than Mr. Southey in the '' whole course of his shifting	NA	
cheapness of construction, consistent with durability and comfort, are essential elements of a	really good	and suitable plan. The architect should bear in mind, that the rents	1	
. Is that a definite no? '' No, but it doesn't look	real good	. '' // Fred Roberts, forward: The versatile Mister Roberts did a	0	
every other American: he was not only a great hero, but also a	real good	guy in the best tradition of the American heartland. It was just after	1	
numbed voice. '' All I've got is that little one-seat battler: Not	real good	for a real fight? hut I thought I'd see what I could	0	
'' It suks here. But at least they do nt treet me like	real bad	like Nomad wich is an improovment I guess. '' 21. Two weeks later	0	
or triple your take at a street meeting, '' Joe said. '' A	really good	song can make you fifteen or twenty dollars. '' Ricket nodded again.	1	
and India  #  In Paris, Gertrude Stein sold her first movie scenario (''	Really good	- an old-fashioned melodrama ''), published her first book written in French	0	
feasting; knowing that papa and mamma loved them too dearly to deny them any	real good	. '' Holloa, Neddie and Vi, why you've been overlooked!	NA	
to thinking about salmon fishin' so he went to the Columbia. We parted	real good	friends, but the Mississippi's good' nough for me, yes,	1	
code. '' I remember playing chess with him one day. He was a	really good	chess player and when he couldn't play with my father, and always	1	
or anyone else's. What I mean is that no one can consistently hit	really good	breaking stuff. It is the curve ball that doesn't do exactly what	1	
things go bad, purchasing officers get conservative. While there are several companies making	really good	Internet products, Cisco is number one or number two in every category.	1	
not interested in anything except getting some place else. It didn't get	real bad	until last night when I went to sleep hungry in an oak patch. I	0	
was enough light coming in from the street so that I saw her face,	real good	. I never saw anyone dead before. Not ever. It's not	0	
. These old guys figure they need some guy can push the mugs. Pay	real good	, too, and they couldn't care less you're a graduate.	0	
'' I hate to say what I'm gon na say -- but that's	really good	. '' Two-Brew beamed. '' So my father thought. As did the	0	
It is unclear where they had been that weekend, but apparently they had a	real good	time. Roy, the prettiest of all of them, leaned against the	1	
night. This morning I was sick. I had a headache, a	real bad	one, and I threw up. But I'm OK now. '' Ever	1	
of course I saw him, but I don't think I ever had a	real good	look at him you kept him humping around so! MRS. PLUNKETT.	1	
her back to him. &nbsp; FRANCESHow's it sound? &nbsp; ODETSThe speech?	Real good	. &nbsp; FRANCESYou think I got it? &nbsp; ODETSYou got it. &nbsp;	0	
rapes her hard or fires juice all over the place. We're not seeing	real good	evidence here. She hollered to the SID tech, What's that bathroom	1	
which meant less competition, Northcutt says. '' It turned out to be a	really good	time to start a business. I have always been entrepreneurial, and I	1	
tongue. There isn't Bonfanti's equal, however, in America, for	really good	articles of this description. I can recommend you to him with confidence,	1	
. '' Everybody is so united in a common goal of having this be a	really good	show, '' Robinson Peete told JET. '' And it's wonderful.	1	
also because she's the youngest and you're the youngest and you would be	really good	doing her because you have yet to become a completely calcified diva. p. 33	0	
the cultural development of a subject is its literature, and there is very little	really good	literature on this business of how to write a specification. I think that	1	
, but you just certainly done with that Jem Richards you always say wanted	real bad	to be married to you, just like I always said to Sam you certainly	0	
of his new view of man further. Making a categorical distinction between man's	real good	; and his'external condition', he renounces all interest in reforms that aim	0	
Both are seeing other people, so '' I would classify Melana and me as	really good	friends, '' says Peoples. '' We're cool. '' OUT OF	1	
) p. 20 MADELEINE Harry, I'm having a bad day, a	really bad	day. (a whisper) Something's got to give. (She turns	1	
he'll be acceptable. But I don't have the equipment to do a	really good	job of therapy. '' '' Therapy? '' asked Floyd. '' You	1	
for an underage Lolita. ''  #   #  '' You're good. You're	really good	. '' Loreen smiled and took a sip of the champagne. It was	0	
stone jug out from under the seat. '' Will you take a drink of	real good	whiskey? '' he asked, presenting the jug to Mrs. Leinster. ''	1	
quickly diversified into giant four-legged sauropods, biped carnivores and iguanodons. '' Dinosaurs were	really good	at evolving, '' says Kevin Padian of the University of California, Berkeley	0	
got drrp and friendly, had real warmth. That way she wasn't	really bad	looking, for an old one. '' 011, it's not for me	NA	
a tie-in with the book club for when Lewinsky eventually writes her memoirs  #  Does	really good	makeovers  #  Many people actually watch her show  #  Doesn't pay for guests	1	
thought something was so bad that she needed this guy, it must be	really bad	, because a guy like this could protect her from... Anything.	0	
' care er you. '' '' Yes, you're taking care of me	real good	, '' Prue answered sweetly, '' and I love you fer taking me	0	
; and among a depraved people much will pass for good society which is	really bad	. Richard was at his ease in the Saw-mill, and at Mrs. Tunny's	0	
to my judges that I did everything in my power to give my Lolita a	really good	time. How charming it was to see her, a child herself,	1	
I didn't want to get it on my slacks. They were the only	really good	pair I owned, and they fit well, and when you don't	1	
Were we slick, or were we slick? ROBBIE Real good. ATA WINDUST	Real good	! p. 51 BO SMITH (About Ata, to Robbie.) Was	0	
with my hand, just like I'm doing now and I looked at him	real good	and I saw it. I saw Mose jump off that trestle and fly	0	
Town's safe, an' justice triumphed. How's that? BIG 8	Real good	. ROB BOB Guess me and the schoolmarm better mount up. SHEDEVIL Big	0	
been too gentle with him in his wrong doing, and he wasn't	really bad	at heart then. If any letter should come from him to you, for	0	
treated okay here? ''  #  '' Oh, sure. I'm having a	really good	time. ''  #  Delgado nodded. '' I've got to tell you	1	
.  #  '' The thing about these NFL guys is that if they have something	really good	that they like, they'll talk about it. If they have something	0	
give them to eat, and you'd think they were blowing up something	really bad	. Then next day they're out running around. Though I don't mind	0	
couldn't see for sure. Ezry says she did, and he's got	real good	eyes. But I was the one she sat on, her nursing her	1	
men's minds from the real evil. It will blind their eyes to the	real good	. The outward sign will pass for the inward grace. Conscience will be	NA	
operators. It is too early tell whether or not New England will have a	really good	ski season, but at least it will be a season - something which	1	
afraid of me. I have no desire to hurt you. BAM He been	real good	ta us. Look; he fix my shoulder. Don' hut no	0	
' him tew scoot. LEM. Thank ye, Mr. Bartlett, it's	real good	of ye, but take my word fer it. Joe hed nuthin'	0	
on with her George? DANIELS, MRS. Fine, just fine. A	real good	solid boy that George. He's coming here to see the New Year	1	
, but HILLY I can't talk right now, Florence. But you look	real good	, and I'm glad I found you. So I'll see you	0	
fake flowers there. I took it off. Of course, my mom has	really good	taste. I know I should listen to her, but I really prefer	1	
display some kind of a brush and mop with wax. It was a	real bad	day for me from the first one on, because people would stop and look	1	
nostrils, and breaking the nose would supernaturally kill it. If you have a	really good	guide (which you won't), he'll remember to tell you	1	
, computer labs that used to be jammed are now deserted. '' It's	really good	to have the computer, '' says Aaron Mahr, a senior English major	0	
great Guumat? '' the youth said to Malingo. '' He make you look	real good	. '' Malingo grinned. '' How much? '' '' Two paterzem,	0	
acknowledged --  '' ah -- I am inclined to agree with you, doctor. Not perhaps a	really good	housekeeper. But few women are, - - very few. You do not find	1	
our confidence in human nature to find such identity of feeling and opinion among the	really good	of different countries, and of all different circles in those countries. I	NA	
there, pressing its face near the glass as though it wanted to get a	real good	look out. The phone is ringing. The phone rings and rings.	1	
, sir. '' The patrolman was very nervous. '' It's a	real bad	mess in there, sir. It's a family. '' One of the	1	
in the sunny kitchen. '' Well, I think your angel cake turned out	real good	, Mrs. Kemper, '' she said. Mrs. Kemper tried to talk with	0	
just fairly good men, some of' em fairly bad men, some	real bad	-- are dying of gold fever right now, just -- right now. Tonight	1	
size and our closeness to it, and nodded and agreed that it was a	real good	poem, one of the best we had ever heard him say. Later	1	
, and I read her column with a different kind of attention. Sometimes a	really good	hint in '' Heloise '' was capable of arousing a pleasure in me so	1	
me hell,' Eddy said.' Eddy do you think it's	really bad	for you to sleep with it shining on you?'' That's what	0	
cakes. At about that point it occurred to us that the coffee better be	real good	when the Captain got home. We broke in all the rest of the	0	
I'd probably give myself away in the first five minutes. I'm not	real good	with gadgets. '' '' Good grief. '' Eugenia closed her eyes.	0	
said good-bye and walked back to his place. He felt, no question,	really good	about the evening. It was nice to see Wallinsky again but more than	0	
to eat, '' he explains. '' You go there, and you eat	real good	on your journey. '' Boat Through a Garden At Brookgreen Gardens, one	0	
? and she lived in our house, and she had an appendix,	real bad	? And all she was doin' was throwin' up left and right.	0	
, rubber pedal pushers and a Dacron shower cap -- a combination she knew looked	really good	on her.  #  '' Not really, '' Buster said. He sat	0	
had said some mean things about his mother. '' Robby told me a	really bad	lie about you, '' the principal reported. '' He said you have HIV	1	
culture hearths in the United States. Southeastern Pennsylvania contains the only large area of	really good	farmland east of the Appalachian Uplands, and it supporteda prosperous agricultural economy,	1	
from recovering this species, '' says Rorabaugh. '' But we've got some	really good	partnerships on the ground. '' Life With a Top Predator GRIZZLY BEAR TABLE	1	
the one which had so recently engaged our attention. '' When you get a	real good	chance, '' she said, '' and not before, you might give	1	
the discouragement of doubting. There's a limit to doubting. If you become	really good	at stage-three doubting, you begin to doubt your own doubts. And that	0	
We are keenly aware that there are many differences in tastes and that there are	really good	reasons for separation of the beds. Bad breath, body odor, snoring	1	
used on larger surfaces such as chests and table tops, but it isn't	really good	for this because brushing lacquer tends to pick up any stain in the wood	0	
and fresh in the morning. JOSH (gratefully). Henry, it's	real good	of you to help me look for Reuben and I know I ought to	0	
fight. I've been looking forward to it. I haven't had a	really good	fight since you stole my legions that day. '' '' Borrowed, father	1	
they had conned her. Oh, they were good, both of them.	Really good	. They had been so convincing. She blushed to think how she had	0	
the daily intimate environment of our forebears and to the modern emulation of what was	really good	in their handiwork. Under all this painted decoration we can detect a sturdy	0	
gold teeth and so nervous those gold teeth was chattering but he wanted us	real bad	, but we said hell no, I mean who wants to go that route	0	
reflect on '' What do I want to do? What am I really,	really good	at? What are my gifts, skills, abilities, talents, passions	0	
a? You feed this. Got code sort. You process our private message	real good	, you get talk to us. Ehrran not got. '' '' Best	0	
's the one thing that makes me believe they're not up to anything	really bad	. They're smart enough not to be that obvious -- unless that's what	0	
hugged him. He said, '' Oh Leo, we been missing you	real bad	down here. Things aren't the same with you gone anyhow. '' Bebb	0	
can't say ever, Melanctha, now can you, I ain't a	real good	boy to be always studying to be learning to be real bright, just	1	
small private plane nicked them in the wing tip on their approach. Nothing	real bad	happened on the landing, however, except for some minor burns to the pilot	0	
bales to form the walls and a few corrugated sheets for the roof. A	really good	depth of straw bedding is essential. (See exploded diagram for details.	1	
to call hearty, Since the mind to deceit it might lend. '' Of	really good	articles in the Overland for this month, one of the best is a	1	
of his mouth when he stepped up onto the porch. '' It's	real bad	. '' If any of us had had the bad taste to be Easterners,	0	
back in more ways than you even knew there were.  #  So I felt	real good	the day he leaned over the fence and said he found the perfect dog	0	
's practice what we preach, where it will do us and our allies some	real good	. Let's give our friends a fair crack at the American market.	NA	
front of her. I love when this happens. It makes her feel	really bad	because she is always going around criticizing genes, and she has the worst ones	0	
shop in the Raleigh Block, out on O Street. I've made a	real good	start. '' '' But, Lena, when did you come? ''	1	
chew of tobacco. '' Come to me. I ain't had a	real good	look at ye yet. '' Restive as a colt about to be saddled	1	
, we stop by Mickey D's and grab a McRib each. Those're	really good	The MAN takes a breather; CODY and the WOMAN are still there,	0	
was quite lost until Buller mumbled, Trianon, you know. One of the	really good	wines of the world. I shall want fifty dozen of their best sparkling	1	
Joe Houston as somebody '' '' who was blowin' that horn. He was	really good	. He looked good, and he played his butt off. '' Joe	0	
Gene Siskel coming up to me after a screening and telling me that I was	really good	. And being, like, really impressed with myself. ''  #  The	0	
of princely criticism -- that is to say, criticism of princes -- it is refreshing to meet a	really good	bit of aristocratic literary work, albeit the author is only a prince-in-law....	1	
he wants to write any more letters, I'll do them for him,	real good	-- real well. Mr. Snyder correcting his English. Mr. Snyder thought this	0	
later described the moment as harder than labor. '' She'd always been a	really good	kid, so we didn't worry about '' her getting pregnant, says	1	
the workout, speaking the present-tense vernacular of race-trackese: '' Well, we break	real good	at the quarter pole, but then this filly she see a bird or	0	
he said, '' Do I look Iike a ghost to you? Are you	really good	and scared? '' I started to cry. I let go of all	0	
nothing left, nothing left, nothing left. DAVE The last one was a	really good	episode and we've only seen it a couple of times before. DOUG	1	
years, and she'd been buried from our house. Mr. Weaver'd been	real good	about haying her there, though lots of men wouldn't have been.	0	
my mind, and leave me to myself, so that I can have a	real good	time. '' '' Yes, '' said Rollo, '' that is right	1	
protested Alvin, following her into the pressurized elevator capsule. He's good.	Really good	.' How do you know he is?' said Cheryl, sealing	0	
, and worked through a figure eight on a loose rein. '' He pivots	real good	, don't he? You don't see him going gimpy, now	0	
good little housekeeper and you can get a first-class man when you get out.	Real good	housekeepers are careful of their work. (Points out blemishes on floor --	1	
and again, and Bello Nock is one of them. He's really,	really good	, and he has a really good time; his work fits the circus	0	
n't want to give them no satisfaction. Slapping was an idea that caught on	real good	with the other Reds, cause they started in slapping Measure, too,	0	
right in. Exit L. MATILDA. Thank you, Anna Maria, you're	real good	but I guess I can get along pretty well now. Exit L. SETH	0	
once told me he could see the sky in them...  #  '' That's	really good	, '' I said, impressed. '' Can I -- ''  #  I	0	
a hit-and-miss fashion, and leave a cesspool. Still, things aren't	really bad	here yet, the King hasn't settled on his final course of action;	0	
when we buy at all. It's too depressing to be reminded that a	really good	suit or pair of shoes will outlast you. My present dinner jacket is	1	
three straight World Series. You could see that Oakland team was going to be	real good	. Toronto is beginning to look that way now. '' <> A s	0	
friend Perry Pope ain't practicin' law no more. He had a	real bad	accident. '' They were having cafe au lait and beignets at a small sidewalk	1	
those companies, and, if they have good credit -- they have to have	real good	credit -- lease them machines like this which they can pay for by the	1	
like to look at your old playmates and realize that you've taken a few	really good	shots in the nose from time itself Let's talk about sex, baseball	1	
deer hunter, but since the opening of deer season usually coincided with the first	real good	push of ducks out of Canada, we were typically in the marsh on	1	
,' to the bartender,' you know me. I got a	real bad	case of alkali throat. Roll up, boys! - - Say, wait a minute	1	
, it was just a prank on me. Rookie dues: Coach Kubiak is	real good	at providing entertainment for us. He has rookies get up and sing before	0	
the phonograph) Got this music to play right here. It goes with it	real good	. He takes the record out of the faded jacket. He puts it	0	
happy childhood. When we got bigger there was certain girls. Forrie Wintka.	Really good	looking, long black hair and black eyes, '' he said, looking	NA	
wouldn't even notice them birds much. But I'm noticin'' em	real good	' cause I thought I was dead. &nbsp; DELILAHI brought your hat.	0	
. The bear walked away. '' Let' s just say it had	really bad	breath, '' he said. Let' s just say the people of Churchill	1	
feast. And, the meal over, he produced a cigar and -- which was not	really good	form for the woods -- lay on the grass and smoked it, looking at her	1	
it is, that boy is fit for nothing but a Koshare, and a	real good	one will he become. '' '' But, '' Okoya rejoined, ''	1	
, so's he can be educated. He needs Tommy in the business	real bad	, but he won't let him come in; he keeps him at school	0	
all right, William? &nbsp; BILLY RAY (nervously) Fine! Good.	Real good	. Everything okay with you? &nbsp; MORTIMEREnjoyed your Christmas, Valentine? You	0	
been stockpiling leftover ales for an office shindig featuring dancing and the recitation of	really bad	marital vows we'd heard. Linda and I went along with the festivities,	1	
' I started in learnin' right then how you kin want a thing	real bad	, an' when you gits it, you ain't sure no more.	0	
petticoat Madam's give me to make over for myself. It'll be a	real good	petticoat if I ever get it done, though it's about forty rods	1	
this: '' There's a Nancy with a Blue Light Special, a	really bad	BJ, and Jolies the size of inner tubes. '' Next comes our favorite	1	
it. JESSICA More and more girls are arriving at the house, in	real bad	shape, sick, beat up, shot up, you name it, it	1	
too clumsy to do it alone. &nbsp; MARYI'll help -- if you're	real good	. &nbsp; BANNISTERThanks... It seems like I'm always saying that	0	
, I got my old job back at the diner. ORIAH PEABODY That's	real good	. TROUT O'DONNELL George was glad to see me. Said since I left	0	
go ahead. What happened next? '' '' The next morning he felt	real bad	. He tried to lift his head, and he pearly passed out. He	0	
picture is lovingly made and handsomely mounted.  #  But really good movies, like	really good	literature, are never so '' literary '' as this or so full of	1	
show. '' Then we put the girl out of our minds to order the	really good	, though plain dinner that was presently brought to us. Mrs. Teggart hovered	0	
. '' '' Leo's bad, '' Meg said. '' Leo's	really bad	. He set one of the girls on fire once. '' '' We not	0	
a little brown sugar on top of a brick, just a giant slab of	really good	pie crust. ''  #  William kisses Clare's right hand, then her	1	
heart as a soldier. She knows what she has to do and she's	really good	at it. I feel I'm very much like Niobe in that once	0	
a great many thousands of dollars and over four years of time to produce a	really good	base-ball player, and the time and money invested in the production of a	1	
, thanks, '' she replied, laughing a little unnaturally. '' Not	really bad	, just disturbing, '' and they continued their interrupted conversation. But that night	0	
scan its lines and expression. '' He isn't handsome, but he looks	real good	, and as if he knew more than almost any one, '' was	0	
. '' But thank you. ''  #  '' You're sure? It's	real good	. ''  #  '' I -- I don't doubt it, uh,	0	
to New York I'll send for you to visit me and show you a	real good	time. I suppose you've never been to cabarets and eaten theatre suppers	1	
cast is competent and the picture is lovingly made and handsomely mounted.  #  But	really good	movies, like really good literature, are never so '' literary '' as	1	
stories and have what they need more than anything else in their lives, a	really good	time. Whoever undertakes the leadership of a mothers' club must be bright	1	
me. Europeans yelled louder than the natives! '' Harris says the only other	really good	picture is one with airplanes, although he will go for a gangster picture	1	
been tolerated in that assemblage? Ignorance of her parentage was her sole passport into	really good	society, and the prestige of her guardian's noble name an ermine mantle	1	
serious, '' I said. '' Let me be your assistant. I'm	really good	at assistant crap. Sorta. Like, I'm good at phones.	0	
good. '' But I don't have enough money for my clothes to feel	really good	while I ski, '' you say. Au contraire. QUALITY FOR THE	0	
another piece of the ring-shaped roll. '' Top-pit, '' he said. ''	Really good	. What is it called? '' '' A bagel, '' his wife	0	
.' Sleepin on de ground's all right. It can be good,	really good	. It's not just de house, de comforts. It's de	0	
clothes, and cried when he dropped his lunch, who was supposed to be	really good	at math.... Whatever happened to him? Where did he	0	
had a baby. '' '' How about just a little flower. I'm	real good	at flowers. '' '' Roses? Can you do a rose? ''	0	
at another pot with a running figure, this one human. '' That looks	really good	, Vera. '' Vera held the small pot away from her and squinted	0	
to cultivate your voice as thoroughly as possible. '' '' Why? Is it	really good	? Tell me, is it worth anything? No one has heard it	0	
right here at home, and I'll have -- yes, I will -- I'll have a	real good	cry. Illustration: Miss Bella Mason. (of the Inner Sisterhood.)	1	
it is, it hurts her. You hear me Sam, you always be	real good	to her now you and me is married right to each other. ''	0	
you inside you. Nobody's touched you -- not really. You're a	really good	girl, you believe me? You've still got you inside you,	1	
close at her heels, looking slightly baffled. '' I want one that looks	really good	, '' he insisted. Nadine held her finger to her lip and tapped	0	
Okay? '' I didn't answer. '' Sara, I listen good,	real good	. '' '' That's your best thing? '' I twisted my neck	0	
got mom all crazy, is that fair? I wish he was in	really bad	trouble. DOGBRAIN Good idea! (Both look around the room. Nick sees	1	
's hard to keep your balance. And he's umpiring! And doing a	really good	job. He's one of the best in our league. ''  #	1	
strange, '' Nick said. '' Him and her were pretty good pals.	Real good	pals, if you want the truth. '' The young agent wondered what	1	
the hang of it.  #  HUFF'S THREE-WAY LUNGE. If you're in	really good	shape, here's a challenge for you. Stand with feet shoulder-width apart	1	
he's going to have a country called Afterthought, where they can have some	really good	government. '' '' You could pacify them by just changing the name of	1	
I couldn't bar to go off without seein' ye! It does me	real good	, ye can't tell! '' Here Tom made some movement of his	0	
, sporting a Mighty Mouse tattoo on his right bicep, is making Thomas look	real good	by averaging more than 16 points and eight assists per game, very Isiah-like	0	
made as if we were leaving for the track. '' My stomach hurts	real bad	, '' Stan said. '' Okay, '' Elijah said, standing up.	0	
? &nbsp; FRANKWow. You're really good. (to Hub) She's	really good	. &nbsp; HUBYou ready to tell us what's going on here, Elise --	0	
it's a fine idea. And I think it's going to work out	really good	. The old Ching said, '' After Initial Setbacks, Great Abundance.	0	
'' it ain't going so good with me. I need a fix	real bad	. '' His expression became grim. '' I'm freakin' out without it	0	
with each high-pitched sniffle. '' How is she? '' Ann asked. ''	Real good	in bed? '' He sped desperately by the sordid New Jersey landscape of	0	
bits of vegetables, meat and a snowfall of Parmesan. He also makes a	really good	chili ($9.75), with chunks of grass-fed sirloin, yellow eye beans	1	
told her, I'd like to show her round, and she's been	real good	to me. No use now. I'll take the girls a lot	0	
stretched from Ulster to Cork and he kept saying, '' How about that?	Real good	, huh? '' Then he would reach across the table and pat the	0	
of Margaret Kent' we have that rare thing in current literature, -- a	really good	novel. '' And the '' Transcript '' says: -- '' There is	1	
me to make a proper use of my fortune, and you will do more	real good	to your race than by all you can ever accomplish with your pen,	NA	
bad, '' he admitted, '' but it's bad! It's	really bad	! We lost three planes last week. I guess you'd call it in	0	
question. '' Maybe aybe I am edgy, an' what you said was	real good	, Melva. But I ain't talkin' about earthquakes' r Judgment	0	
! I -- '' Then it finally occurred to Measure that something had gone	real bad	with this. They knew who he was, and they still wanted to take	0	
a year ago? Tommy had been at home on sick leave, and	really bad	enough for anything.' He suffered in every way just as you do.	0	
, and be a thoroughly bad man. Indeed, you can't be	really bad	unless you do have most of the virtues. Look at Milton's Satan for	0	
''  #  '' Not exactly, '' I said. '' I just have a	real good	sense of what I should feel like, and this isn't it.	1	
. It might be good for you in small doses, but it's	really bad	in large ones. About 14 million Americans are problem drinkers. The government estimates	0	
the bunting-draped speakers' stand the crowd broiled contentedly. ('' He's a	real good	speaker, ain't he? '' '' Sure is. He sure can	1	
make a difference, certainly. But the thing is -- if the picture's	really good	-- ought one to take advantage --? I mean -- one can see	0	
Sure, she left her apartment, but not dressed for anything other than a	real good	time. Always made up. Always decked out, dressed for seduction.	1	
him, though. My son was on the team and they all got along	real good	. Latrell wasn't real quiet; he was kind of a cut-up.	0	
by saying, '' I don't want you to think I'm a	really bad	person, '' but you were raped. Andrea: No, because why am	1	
Bowers said thickly. '' Jeez, you coming corned on me? They're	really good	, Harry. They could make millions on television, I mean, if	0	
. And she might not take care of him. ''  #  '' She's	real good	with animals. She's got a bunch of cats. ''  #  ''	0	
Allen  #  Patriot  #  Parking-lot rash is annoying enough, but my neighbor received a	really good	hit from some incosider- ate moron with a trailer hitch. It put a	1	
for '' regional distinction. '' In other words, it's a dump with	really good	food. The fish and chips are killer, and the salmon soup is	1	
man, it's bad. GREER What kinda disease? SKANK It's	really bad	, man. It's a bad one. GREER Look, it's not	0	
the red zone, we've been either real good at scoring touchdowns or	real bad	by committing turnovers. ''  #  Fisher among top three - In this week's	0	
DOLLCouple of days. -- Is it bad, Doctor? I mean,	real bad	? &nbsp; DOCTORIt isn't good, ma'am. (coming up with the plasma	0	
'' The lessons were mostly about people. '' I worked with people who were	really good	folks, '' he says. Baker was '' kind of motherly, ''	1	
14) A fourteenth is Neaves' Farinaceous Food for Infants, which is a	really good	article of diet for a babe, it is not so binding to the	1	
white sim boxes on giant, articulated servos. The problem was that she was	really good	at coding sims. Continues...	0	
.. there's still something to live for... if you're	real good	and eat your broccoli you may find another body one day. '' ''	0	
go around to fill the needs of an expanding educational system, particularly when the	really good	ones can not be attracted to a station of economic and often social inferiority	1	
for him. '' That was good, Bart, '' he said. ''	Real good	. '' '' One miss, '' Stanton said as he shrugged into the	0	
her encouragement, remembering how he stayed at home for her. '' It is	real good	of you to lend a hand, and I'm ever so much obliged	0	
younger. But he often kept his head down, so you never got a	really good	look at him; to the other boys, if they thought of him	1	
Majesty was quite sure of it. And Malone couldn't think of a single	really good	reason why either of them might be wrong. But maybe he'd got	1	
, don't let ma get your goat, Martie! If ma ever felt	real good	about anything in the world, she'd think she was sick and take	0	
VLADIMIROV You with your slimy charm? With your boring experience? All you're	really good	at is taking off your shirt. And thenyou don't even have any	0	
. There's a place near us that delivers. '' '' My mom cooks	really good	, '' Hector said. '' The best tamales. The best. Everybody	0	
And the wind howls around that Lillie house like 10,000 witches. Things were	real bad	and the Lillie girls hadn't been to town for over a week. One	0	
the hunch an egg is bad, '' he mused, '' is that a	real good	and sufficient reason why he should go poking his finger inside the shell?	1	
If you run a radar detector and a laser jammer, you've got a	real good	chance of not getting caught, even in a bright red Ferrari. ''	1	
baby boy she had given birth to three days earlier. It was her first	really good	look at her son. And she knew it was also her last.	1	
with long, massive beams and plenty of tines, but Gregg's was a	really good	bull. So good, in fact, that he flew the antlers out	1	
baseball game. Not that he was very good at it; he was	real bad	, and he couldn't throw or run or anything, but it was the	0	
friends of freedom to doubt our sincerity, and especially because it forces so many	really good	men amongst ourselves into an open war with the very funda- | mental principles	1	
, I'm gon na train him, I promise, gon na train him	real good	-- WHAP! She cuffs him on the side of his head. MAMA	0	
in action, my mom's probably worried sick. You tell me what's	really good	, '' Numbers challenged.  #  '' Numbers, '' Agent Smith called him	0	
astonishing. All the way from Orwell up to the present time, writers of	really good	nonfiction had not felt a university education to be necessary. ''  #  The	1	
a small girl. '' Love me just a little. I'm not	really bad	. Please, please forgive me my wickedness, dear Tabs. '' He stood	0	
She put her hand momentarily on Joe's arm. '' If it's	really bad	, Joe, tell me. You won't let yourself cry, but I	0	
really good they are. '' Their mom is right. Kent and Kevin are	really good	. If you can't get to one of their restaurants, have a	0	
the chest with a clawed finger, drawing blood. '' You'd better pay	really good	attention to this seminar. I'm going to be watching you, and	1	
autumn, which had met his eye, to satisfy the puerile scruples of this	really good	but ignorant man -- going no deeper than the surface in his code of morals -- they were	1	
, and I have betrayed him. That's bad. But what is	really bad	is to stand there and say: And I'm going to betray him again	0	
forlorn old place of theirs. But then, a woman never does make a	really good	manager unless she's married. '' Lois found her aunt in the long	1	
set. Spider is the Vipers sergeant at arms, but he had a	real bad	day today. When he set out for the gym around eight this morning the	1	
up. His first wife was like a mother to me. She was a	real good	woman, '' blurted the boy. '' And why did you say that	1	
waist of his blue serge pants, which drooped below his paunch. '' Both	real good	. '' Because Mike would testify as a witness, he was not allowed	0	
to say to my husband at the dinner table, '' You know, something	really good	happened today ''? are the occasional instances when a contending couple calls a	0	
come from nowhere to suddenly playing this huge part.... This time I felt	really good	, though, and they gave me more to play with. ''  #	0	
their murmuring, like the moon above their darkness. I Lis voice wasn't	really good	, but thin and shallow, like a falsetto, and also the playing	0	
repeated the Mongolian, appearing more puzzled than complimented. '' Yes, a brick-a	real good	fellow, and no mistake! Give us your hand! You're a	1	
a bit. Long fight ahead of us. Who knows, might even get	real good	. Enter the competition at the county fair end of the month. (	0	
he has said the wrong thing. He tries again. '' You're a	really good	dancer. '' He elaborates on the performance he saw, comparing her dancing	1	
ice mass admiring its reflection is effective. And every so often Proulx lets a	really good	image stand alone: '' The dining room, crowded with men, was	1	
Fox Sports was the record, despite the fact that no one had anything	really bad	to say about Fox.  #  There were, however, two notable exceptions.	0	
with Fresno State, who after us completely went downhill, and that's a	really good	football team, '' Leinart says. '' And that's a perfect example	1	
', Captain. &nbsp; CAPTAIN (looking at record) Says here you done	real good	in the war: Silver Star, Bronze Star, couple Purple Hearts.	0	
it may be, will enable him to, make that good which is	really bad	. On him rests the responsibility of the cooking generally, whilst a speciality of	0	
. '' As soon as we can afford it, and when we find a	really good	man, I think we ought to have our portraits painted. '' Susan	0	
for you -- is good? '''' It seems to me a very	real good	that George Nuneaton and his kind should go into the dark places and brighten	NA	
the water when the wind comes up, '' Curtis said. '' There's	really good	wind here early in the mornings. '' By the last full day of	1	
; Francisque Sarcey has some touches of inspiration that give delight. There are no	really good	French critics to-day, probably because they have so little material to work on	1	
is much in favor of teens experimenting with fashion.  #  '' It's a	really good	thing. They are reaching out for something, to make their own niche	1	
. Mrs. Bird kisses us all when we go to bed, and it seems	real good	. I have put the testament in the bottom of my trunk, under	0	
'' she asked, downcast. She'd always believed that she hadn't been	really good	as Blanche, even if everybody said she had been. '' Instantly.	0	
his own business and no questions were allowed. You might be entertaining a	real bad	man like Billy the Kid, and you might suspect his identity, but you	1	
this country as elsewhere in Europe much depends on the 1941 harvest. A	really bad	crop would create a serious situation for the Germans and conquered nations alike. Plight	1	
Then he would read it aloud and decide as he heard it that it was	really good	, the best I've done, a blessed state never lasting morep195than a	1	
. We'd been on the trail of a notorious people trafficker -- a	really bad	, really rich guy. This sleazebag happened to belong to the very exclusive Moscow	1	
never lifted him up, it sent him down. When it was hittin'	real good	he'd get to thinkin' he was twelve miles underground. He never	0	
they said, You're Anastazy Domanski now and no Kagan. You talk Polish	real good	, you talk beautifully, 385 | grammatical. You're not one of	0	
, and enhanced, with a most singular attractiveness, the charm of what was	really good	and commendable in them. // After returning to England, for a time	0	
, but only in good weather, '' or '' I like to see a	really good	play now and again. '' But occasionally by a quick retort or comment	1	
And dragged Joe into it, a good kid who had made only one	really bad	mistake in his life -- the mistake of asking her to marry him. She	1	
them, I hit them well. When I'm bad, I'm	really bad	. ''... The Orioles have received 15 wins from their rookies this season,	0	
shoulders touching, and after awhile we lay down in the phlox. You did	real good	, Clem. p. 37 CLEM Thank you, R.V. You want some Cheezits	0	
--  didn't think about it; I just did it. Strained something	really bad	. So he had said. And one of the junkers had started to slip	0	
: '' Even if a person is accurate in saying,? I did a	really good	job, and I can see that the company is in a bad way	1	
too. They were making ends meet, and they all had jobs, two	really good	things, but no one was getting rich, that was for sure.	1	
Secretary for War was entertaining the same nightmare as her own, things were	really bad	. But she felt in a way comforted. She was not alone. She	0	
They both looked puzzled. '' Look, '' I said. '' I'm	really good	at this kind of thing. I can handle it fine. If you	0	
'd love to, honey, '' she declared. '' We'll have a	real good	time. We'll go to a good hotel and enjoy luxury. ''	1	
risen. The fans are all runnin' around saying we're going to be	really good	. That's scary. I wish I could enjoy the good times.	0	
But except for Peter trying to march spraddle-legged the way he done, everybody marched	real good	once we got to going. Ben give us a '' Left face ''	0	
. '' Ah am jet-lagged something awful, Miz Cates. This is not a	real good	time to talk. It may only be nine o'clock in Texas, but	1	
Why doesn't the word get out? '' '' Now, there's a	real good	question. '' Billy leaned back in his chair and stretched his old frame	1	
want coffee. '' '' Coffee is fine. '' '' Great. I have	really good	coffee. '' She smiles, as if he's just paid her a	1	
. &nbsp; DIANEFine. &nbsp; CHARLIENo, I'm serious... You're	really good	. &nbsp; DIANEI know. &nbsp; CHARLIEIn a little while... I	0	
| '' That's not what I meant. '' '' You mean is he	really good	? '' '' Yeah. '' '' I don't know how to tell	0	
rendition of By the Light of the Silvery | Moon. Wellsboro offers you a	really good	meal. Swell hotel there where you wash your face and hands before you	1	
. It was too easy. The trouble was, without windows there was no	really good	target. The place was completely air-conditioned, and so he aimed for a	1	
money he had in his pocket was for me, till I got up a	real good	feeling for Charlie. LONNIE (Groans) Do, Jesus! BIG-SWEET So	1	
trickle, then a loud gush, which faded. | '' I built it	real good	, '' said Cotton. When the water made the noise it made,	0	
to be engaged. It was a kind of an accident. He' s	real good	, though -- too good for me, that' s a fact.	0	
planning and making good choices, and that's something that he's really,	really good	at. He's just not doing it from the boat. ''  #	0	
son, I'd lambast the stuffings out of him; he's a	real bad	actor, '' Lonigan said. '' I'm afraid no good will ever come	1	
his closet are Armani.  #  '' Haider is not Hitler.... He's	really good	. He's a pop star, '' says Walter Famler, publisher of	0	
grown. There's no utility in all this. There couldn't be any	really good	Gospel preaching here. '' Different people require different modes of worship, ''	1	
years old and we'd had it for two years. Me and Dad took	real good	care of it but some of the time it didn't like to start	1	
, and when a new one was needed, and there seemed to be no	really good	one in the troop, Jack wrote to a recruiting officer in the city	1	
the Atlantic. Colonel Borman reported, '' All retros normal, ''' Looks	Real Good	' '' Looks real good, '' ground control replied. A few minutes	0	
the pond, some warm day, and go into water; it's a	real good	place to bathe. '' '' Perhaps we' ll go to-day, ''	1	
enough to swap horses with' em.... Sandy there... he speaks it	real good	. Wiggs dismounts, throws his reins to one of the Cleggs and looks	0	
'' '' Oh, no, they weren't; there were a great many	real good	men on both sides. '' Poor Budge looked sadly puzzled, as he	1	
saying, in a tone Thorny understood better than words, -- '' You are	real good	to me - never mind, I won't worry about it; only it	0	
can't put an old head on young shoulders, and the child has a	real good	heart. '' And being a thoroughly active and diligent housekeeper, she generally	1	
mess of booze and red-dye number four and glucose. She is in a	REALLY BAD	MOOD, only staring straight ahead. Parker's playing peek-a-boo with the baby and	1	
eating, his stomach began to cramp, but nothing worse happened. The	really bad	effects, he guessed, would come later. Mason stared at the radio for	1	
he said. '' Oh, '' he said, approvingly. '' That's	real good	. I'll kill you quick. You won't even know it.	0	
Jahden while he rubbed  #  all over her ass, she was hurting.	Real bad	. Hurting and scared.  #  Seeing the disgust on her face Jahden grinned and	0	
forget that I am '' Your Royal Highness; '' when I can smoke a	really good	cigar and read (must I confess it?) a good novel on	1	
to look... had to see real-ity. '' '' Bad circumstances?	Really bad	? '' '' Really had. '' There was no mistaking the quiet emphasis of	1	
any kind of religious film that comes out? I think only if they're	really good	. You can't put out any quickie Bible movie or religious film.	0	
failure of the so- called better instruction to come up to this standard. No	really good	instruction, any more than good story books, will leave one cold toward	1	
didn't have any secrets worth speculating about -- and it fell, despite the	really good	(but complicated) news that the Federal Reserve Board and the United States	1	
. Evidently that's the kind of people they are. That's a	real bad	way of thinking because violence leads to more violence. Besides, if you settle	1	
Hopewell, 200 B.C.-A.D. 200. '' '' You won't find much of the	really good	stuff out in the open, '' one vendor confides. '' That's	1	
good spot to build a house?' They got together and hit it off	real good	, like old drinkin' buddies. After a couple months the lawyer went	0	
the hallway, standing him up against the wall, and giving him a ''	real good	talking to, '' ending with the entirely unnecessary assurance that '' Mr. Stanton	1	
I read a newspaper, there he was in a group picture until I focused	real good	. But after a while he started to fade again. I settled into	0	
small house or a small tower. With terrainfollowing and terrain-avoidance radar, in	really bad	weather, I have to climb up to 100 ft. And then it's	1	
uneasy. He once admitted, '' I have a bad habit (not	really bad	, just being coy) of choosing th? most difficult path in rim literary	1	
the American and Puerto Rican public will it become clear that statehood is a	really bad	idea for both Puerto Rico and America.  #  Javier P. Berrios, Houston	1	
Consul? '' asked Napoleon. '' I know he can do more for the	real good	of his country, than the Ambassador, '' was the young man's	NA	
watching him -- the best skater on the rink. '' But I'm not	really good	enough, '' I said. '' I'll teach you. '' And	0	
he was in a bad situation. He was injured and the situation was	really bad	, and Mr. John said,? want to surrender. I can't be	0	
she ever steal anything from you? '' '' No. Never. I'm	real good	to her, Mr. Garrity. Even if she didn't have any references	0	
according to the experts. Susan smokes. I wish she would get a	really bad	case of bronchitis and a sore throat, so she couldn't smoke for six	1	
only fifteen cents, '' Elijah said. '' And I need the money	real bad	. No kidding. I got to have money -- '' '' If you do	0	
to the Marlins' spring training complex in Jupiter, Fla. '' He looked	real good	, '' Marlins manager Jeff Torborg said. Penny, on the DL with	0	
a pleasant, bewildered look. '' You know, your ma and I were	real good	friends when you weren't even born yet. In fact your mother was	1	
, drinked through' em, as we used to at school. It wuz	real good	in Druzilla, and Ezra, and also in the Deacon. It kinder	0	
the 18th. My life certainly changed. It's funny that a number of	really good	players have not played their best when paired with you. Scott Hoch's	1	
feelings left at all and he and Molly would go to visit Soph and this	real good	guy she'd married and they'd all wish each other good luck and	1	
I was in fourth-grade, I had a male teacher and I thought he was	really good	. We played a name game, which I plan to do with my	0	
began after a minute, '' why places like this, you know, with	really good	food, never seem to think about desserts. It's always ice cream	1	
in a voice that nearly broke. '' Waren't your fault. You did	real good	to get us outta there. Saved my life, you did. ''	0	
Deathlands. But then why the counter? Her eyes might be bad,	real bad	. I didn't think so. She raised her boot an extra inch to	0	
before I could get a word out. '' No, Mark. Just some	real good	luck and putting the pieces together. '' '' You're too modest,	1	
DENNIS # (hesitantly) What? # TALLEY # I got ta piss	real bad	. Dennis can't help himself; he laughs -- # DENNIS # You're	0	
, '' said MacNeil smiling weakly, '' I feel a little better. Not	real good	, you understand, but better. '' Under iron control, Dr. Smathers	0	
her have much temptation. She did believe she would rather be a good girl -- a	real good	girl, like Prudy, not like Dotty! - - than to have a velvet	1	
? '' '' If I'm passing I sometimes do. Some of them are	really good	singers, and if they aren't you feel sorry for them..	1	
frustrating for the player, but at the same time, a guy will play	really good	and he'll deserve a roster bonus in his contract, but they will	0	
took it the wrong way. There hasn't been a sign. I was	really good	, You know. For a long time. You shouldn't forget that	0	
the truck whined on the switchbacks as he geared it down. He had a	real good	air conditioner. It was a funny feeling, looking down on the valley	1	
and when the poetess told him he mustn't say Christ, say something	really bad	,' he menaced.' I'll say... '' His lips	0	
a pass there but I'm sorry about Betsey because you and Betsey have been	real good	friends to us but sometimes I don't think I can go on unless	1	
we haven't finished rebuild-. ing. Well, sir, it was a	real bad	fire. The baby was trapped upstairs in the bedroom and no one could get	1	
roof aiming water balloons at passing cars and I never miss. I've gotten	real good	at hitting the front windshields. Don't worry Ta I never broke nothing	0	
were left outside of the deliberations, he said, but they must forgive if	real Good	has been done. New Spirit. to Adjust Differences. '' The fact	0	
. '' It did me in, '' she says. -I'm just not	really good	with cardio. I get cramps easily in my legs and sides. I	0	
put into his hands. In astron // omy it is very difficult to do	really good	work of any kind, but very easy to do poor work. Only	1	
from the nature of things, so vaguely imperfect and ineffective that little if any	real good	can be hoped from their making its acquaintance in such a manner. Enterprises	NA	
didn't seem changed at all. '' You're looking good, Niles.	Real good	. '' '' Considering. '' '' No, I mean it. Real	0	
Armijo can't remember this. Says Vigil: '' We felt bad,	real bad	. They found so much heroin in town. They even bought three ounces in	0	
grandma let me go with her, do you s'pose? I shall grow	real bad	! Won't you tell her to stop it? '' Dotty moaned with pain	0	
, she owned it. '' Oh, sure, Miss -- I read numbers	real good	. Letters, too just words bother me. '' '' Let's go	0	
Tarbell, Beckwith, Benson, Vinton. In figure and genre-painting the list of	really good	painters could be drawn out indefinitely, and again mention must be confined to	1	
the christian wimmen of the land were doing in educating the heathen, she felt	real good	, and then she noticed Pa's posey in his button-hole and she touched	0	
background, and your buddy James Buck. If we go through this paper real	real good	, we'll have enough to put your unh unh where it belongs.	0	
only five then, and the girl was three, but man, they were	really good	to see. I don't think I've ever seen kids like those	0	
the consciousness of his spirit has withdrawn to other worlds. Peace is the only	real good	; and national monuments, shaded by the laurel and the bay, yield	NA	
back. You don't. You can stay with me. I'll take	real good	care of you. Dyer smiles. Rose, her clothes glued to her	1	
n't feel like playing games and besides I have to go to the bathroom	really bad	. '' California. '' '' I see, '' he says. '' Los	0	
, '' screaming walls '' implied an unfortunate choice of paint color or a	really bad	window treatment. But for a psychic designer who happened to be acutely sensitive to	1	
home with their shows rather than go to the movies.  #  The only	really bad	part is that network TV has reached an all-time low of idiocy. But what	1	
help pick the old man up. Nelson knows that and so he refused two	real good	offers he had and took the position at the South Wellmouth depot. But	1	
they? '' '' Only, '' he hastened to add, '' they're	real good	people. '' | The archeologist had heard the same arguments Chief had presented	1	
everybody's been to see her but me. I guess her ankle was	real bad	. '' '' Mama, how much do you suppose she weighs? '' ''	0	
that if an inventory of the world's need for agricultural products to furnish a	really good	standard of living were placed over against an inventory of present production, item	1	
had lent him a set of government medals, and they should have such a	real good	time if Bev would only stay. He wished the Department was at the	1	
. Mis' Popham may drop in this evenin', too. She's	real good	on advice, as you'll see when you come to know her.	1	
from that rudimentary point of view it is a sad fact that we seldom hear	really good	singing: at the best, an opera or concert performance, taking the	1	
'' I like it very much. Very much. '' '' He's gotten	really good	. He always drew stuff, even back in Vietnam, but in the	0	
if Rose was indeed a pygmy beside him. '' That dolly has got a	real good	little heart, and a bright mind of her own, you'd better	1	
aside, however, the fact remains that George McGovern hardly seems to have a	really good	shot at the Democratic nomination. There, in a typical nationally syndicated news	1	
in the floor and the rottenness of the building destroys the effectiveness of the one	really good	bit of furniture in the schoolhouse. But this is true everywhere. Only	1	
the other day. I'm thrilled for her and I thought she did a	really good	thing. She's doing a lot of good and I do believe they	1	
conscious from the wreck, and Shake's dad, Marvin, Sr., a	really good	old boy, had prepared us for the worst. But what I'm	1	
to see Edna drink much more, because I knew she'd be feeling	real bad	in the morning, so I got out that nice canned ham and opened it	0	
AIDS, I felt really bad and I started to cry because I felt	really bad	for the people who don't have it as well off as we do.	0	
some. WESLEY What guy? WESTON Some guy. Looked respectable. Talked a	real good	line. Said it was an investment for the future. All kinds of	1	
COMPANY'S CATALOGUE OF The Best and Least Expensive Books for Real Boys and Girls	Really good	and new stories for boys and girls are not plentiful. Many stories,	1	
? That's the way it always happens in stories -- wishes seem like a	really good	idea but then you get your wish and things get all messed up.	1	
.) Their measuring stick. You know, the one that's marked	Really Bad	, Bad. Not Good, Not Good Enough, Perfect. It's killing	0	
They seemed to me to be stupid beyond all words. There was not one	really good	fight in them all, and after an honest villain like Brian de Bois	1	
for the dining-room, '' but I'm hungry, and, if I were	really good	, I believe I should want a high tea every day. '' The	0	
gives what is set down in the play, and that he means nothing	really bad	or terrible in it! Now in these days of Episcopal fanaticism, it must	0	
'd like him, '' she said, '' and he must have written a	really good	book because you're jealous. I'm going to read it. Clothilde	1	
. '' He said,' You have to name yourself after something that's	really good	, that people have confidence in. People want to know that you're	0	
alone maid. That so? he ast, all the time looking me over	real good	. Yessir, I say. Say, prison suit her just fine.	0	
his lips thoughtfully. '' Well, let me see. Do you have any	real good	cognac? '' I answered for the waiter. '' No, '' I	1	
He does.) MAYHEW (Watchfully but unsentimentally): I've got a	real good	steak in there. I'm the best cook in Chicago, Mr. Burgess	1	
Printers' Association: '' I shall never be quite happy until I have a	really good	newspaper in London. If any one of you has a good newspaper you	1	
is the first steps that cost. Do you not think -- do you not know -- that a	real good	, planted in the world, - - in social living, must spread, from	NA	
goes, it never goes like you rehearsed in your head. I'm not	really good	at dating. PASSAGE You're doing wonderful FERGUSON I tried the dating circuit	0	
and then ol' wiggley went limp. I tranced it. It was a	real good	service. Didn't nobody handlin' get bit. (Takes snake out	1	
? LALLIE JOY I don't mind, only I can't steer' em	real good	. LALLIE JOY Lallie Joy ain't got no confidence in herself. Are	0	
, but to make it an invariable rule to sell on commission, and only	really good	pictures. He used to tell me with great reserve and a diplomatic manner	1	
says, '' and don't care what you look like. Kit is a	really good	lady, and has helped me a lot by talking to her. Because	1	
fault because a lot of things happened on that play, but I felt	really bad	. The next year, Joe never said a word to me about it.	0	
course of time; for, as the population increases, the circulation of the	really good	journals is enlarged, and the publisher realizes that the demands of the readers	1	
his sentence with -- '' a great deal keener than I am. He's a	real good	fellow, but he doesn't believe in anything. There is no use	1	
) rick and stone as our visible materials. Are we now to do something	really good	with them, -- something that will be neither a mere square box nor	0	
with any encouragement, and if she thought she had been able to do much	real good	. With a sad, sweet smile she answered, '' Very little.	NA	
causing any remark. '' I am so sorry for him. Corny was always	real good	to me when I have been at Glenfield, '' added the fair girl	0	
that have no real existence. But knowledge is itself a good, and a	real good	. And the Lyceum that, in ten years' successful operation, adds	NA	
led the way back down the mountain. They were just in time for a	real good	swim before supper. Jack had been out and he had gotten four ducks	1	
(McCord also advised Shelton on golf-tour accuracy.) '' '' Kevin's a	real good	athlete, so he's been able to pull it off, '' Norville	1	
WILLIE Her mother's probably worried about her, G. W. DEEDEE It must feel	real good	to like somethin' this much. (And Shooter is putting on a	0	
, there was something just as good or better. You think something's	really bad	? Look in the past-you'll find something worse. Think something can never happen	0	
to stay on' em and make sure everything's OK. Which is	real bad	, I never seen it this bad. And I been around here since'	0	
swung his legs over the side of his bunk. '' Looks like you learned	real good	, '' he said. He examined Stan. '' Pete tells me about	0	
people around. It's a spooky place. // I fight off a	really bad	feeling that I'm going somewhere I won't be able to handle. //	1	
. PEGGY Now you're coming to your senses. KAREN And I'm making	really good	money. VIC Nothing wrong with that. KAREN There's everything wrong with	1	
mandatory to find another teacher for every 30 or so pupils. Second, since	really good	teachers are few, we must find a way of using what good ones	1	
and take her downstairs to fix her bottle. Imani a good baby. A	real good	baby. She know she got to be quiet, so when I hold	1	
gentleman here about your picture. He was sayin' it was pretty good,	real good	he seemed to think it was, for -- for a girl that had	0	
. Then pretty quick, they're all dressed up fancy, running things.	Real good	deal. '' He shrugged. '' Need a heavy man once in a	1	
pretty things within reach of hands and eyes, but money is well spent on	really good	bits of Japanese workmanship, or upon good bits of the workmanship of any	1	
: '' If you've got 1,600 people running with you, it's a	real good	time. ''  #  After ten years, it has become a capital custom	1	
I HATE to cook. In fact, sometimes when it's been a	really bad	day, I call my husband and ask him to stop at McDonald's on	1	
Russian skit? The Sisters Three? LISABETTE I mean, what if it were	really good	? Really. Really, really good. Could we? You're good	0	
now  -- for both of us. Listen, Wilma I can offer you something	really good	now. WILMA What? PEGGY I've got a friend now. WILMA	0	
ballot. Great movements brush aside all such obstacles. The peculiar service of a	really good	ballot is that, by requiring the voter to scrutinize -- at least to	1	
could learn a whole lot about women the right way, if I had a	real good	teacher. ''' Mis' Herbert just then stirred a little in her	1	
what we can do now to help that poor Lena. '' These were	really bad	days for poor Lena. Herman always was real good to her and now he	1	
wandering. Couldn't stop. It gets into you. That's a	real bad	scar you've got there. '' '' That's the one I wrote you	1	
for a home run, a curveball for a home run, but not that	real good	fastball inside, '' says one scout who has been following the Braves.	1	
. '' Gee, '' he said, '' you know, she looks	really bad	. I didn't think she was going to look so -- old. ''	0	
the flow of blood in and out of his head. The pain got	really bad	and he passed out again. They were holding him up, doubled over,	0	
to the radio fan. If you cut them open, they look just like	real good	batteries. The difference is in the quality of the ma -- terials used. And	1	
to me now that America was enteringtoo late to do Europe or the Allies any	real good	, I realized that Woodrow Wilson had finally been driven into the impossible situation	NA	
It really would be foolish for them to get rid of the people who are	really good	at their jobs. When you buy a company, you don't want	0	
think I'm still recovering from the fast. '' '' I've got some	really good	cookies my fiancee sent me. '' K. '' Thanks, no. John	1	
a trickle, then a loud gush, which faded. | '' I built it	real good	, '' said Cotton. When the water made the noise it made,	0	
and reading scriptures. In comparison to the world, he must have been a	really good	person. // Sometimes it seems like my life is spent on trying to	1	
'll get you out of your pattern, and then you start taking the	really bad	shots. '' Shaking New Mexico is a bit more difficult. Only once all	1	
, until he cleaned everybody out. He was one of those guys who was	really good	with horses because of some mystical affinity, maybe. And Grace, willful	0	
impending watery grave, Leonardo DiCaprio's character Jack states, '' This is	REALLY bad	. ''  #  Movie star not likely to be confused with an actor: In	0	
funny, because I've read reviews that point that scene out as being a	really good	one. If it's good, it's entirely because of Arthur.	1	
ever wan na talk about that, but he was. '' '' John had	real good	hair, '' Dudley said. '' Sort uh lak blond, '' Daddy	1	
bees. We don't have time to file every report and we got	real bad	memories. But just so we understand each other, slick, we're talking	1	
hypnotizers and subjects, in one course. I was a fair subject, but	real good	at putting the others under. I'll put you under, and suggest	0	
say, '' said Eva, '' that, if she finds Jim has a	really good	position, she might at last come to a state of resignation. I	1	
instinctive dislike for Gusher, in whom she saw a nature, if not	really bad	, at least frivolous and artificial. The unexpected meeting between Romer and Gusher threw	0	
. No Mama dearie don't send a complete layette from Best's there are	really good	shops here in Houston and Dallas and Hermoso though I haven't seen them	1	
talk about? '' '' Crime? '' guessed Sid. '' It's	really bad	, '' said Belle. '' Bail doesn't work, '' said Gold,	0	
. He says,'' It is an urgent situation when one-third of our	really good	cropland is suffering net soil loss, with some soil eroding at twice or	1	
. Toward the end of the session, Hardaway-Burke commends everyone on '' '' being	really good	about making eye contact. ''  #  Small victories, the stuff of big	0	
gon na. I saw her face. It was bad this time.	Real bad	. FRANKIE What happened? JAKE All red and black and blue. FRANKIE Oh	0	
Felix decided, stalking out of the Council Chamber grandly, he'd write a	really good	volume on Political Science for These Times -- wake up some of those old	1	
accomplished. ''  #  Bouncing back - Steve Avery, one of the game's	real good	guys, is back in the big leagues for the first time since 1999	1	
an inferior quality, but she rightly prefers a few simple dresses and suits of	really good	quality. Oh, well, sometime maybe I can afford // to get	1	
his lean and famished brethren at home, overpowered his weak principles, and his	real good	feeling, and he listened to Rider's lucid and impressive instructions in relation	1	
drying onto the roof of his mouth. '' This one needs it	real bad	, and a hot little piece, I heard -- if she wants to show	0	
especially daring with the unexpected combinations in her own Birmingham home. And for a	really good	reason. '' I'm not a cook, '' Gari freely admits.	1	
she and Lucy disagreed, for Lucy tried to persuade her that she might do	real good	if she would come more in contact with her irreligious schoolmates. But Mary	0	
with in every-day life is the work of the partially insane. I know some	really good	men who sometimes, under peculiar circumstances, act more like lunatics than like	1	
to be my '' study, '' but is now Mary's room; a	really good	bedroom for ourselves on the first floor with a dressing room for me behind	1	
's just time before the men go off for the summer campaignto put on a	really good	show -- and I do honestly feel I ought at least to have been	1	
you stand pretty close to the Montgomerys, don't you? -- the only	real good	Holton in the bunch -- but I'll give you a jar. You	1	
skin, but by the content of their character.' '' Zane recited it	real good	, with lots of emotion, even though most of the emotion was sarcasm	0	
Nora Fairford Why, of course. Oh, Mr. Bradbury, he is a	real good	boy at heart and I am sure he is not the thief. Please	1	
side of the theater -- he complaining that we hadn't arrived earlier to get	really good	seats and at the same time looking around for any of his colleagues to	1	
, but as the wood dried out the flames grew apace until there was a	really good	camp fire. '' How's that? '' called Russ, as he	1	
or giggle at the wrong moment, do we? Nooo. And we're	really good	drivers. And, in the midst of all this mastery of the Modern	1	
on a lecherous, gasp-and-pant voice. '' I've been a really,	really bad	boy -- I was playing with my winkle all night --' '' '' For	1	
the Broncos used to have some wide receivers called the Three Amigos and they were	really good	. Josh was a Vikings fan. As far as he was concerned,	0	
'' said the Superintendent, '' is to work with a bad heat,	really bad	, I mean, the stopper burned off or something like that. Isn't	0	
business. They don't really care about us. We can get hurt	really bad	, and they'll give us some shots and send us back on the field	0	
Yes. '' Her lovely face darkened. '' Is it...	really bad	? '' '' No, no, '' I lied. '' It's just	0	
says,' and some kind of chopped fodder, and if we're all	real good	and don't spill things on our bibs or make spots on the tablecloth	0	
headings, such as '' Famous Old Stories '' and '' Other Countries '' are	really good	literature, but appallingly few. Leaving out those sections devoted to '' Younger	1	
almost sympathetic in its appreciation. '' I can tell you I'm having a	real good	time with Palliser. It looked like I'd just dropped from heaven when	1	
full view of their faces, Little Jacket saw in them an expression which was	really good	and benevolent. All these facts came much more forcibly to Jacky's mind	0	
you know, I've got such a quick temper. I'm not	really bad	to him, though. I give him a picayune, now and then;	0	
no particular ambitions beyond keeping her job and possibly working her way up to a	really good	secretaryship, and maybe some day having a little flat of her own somewhere	1	
boyfriend and saw myself in the future with a husband like that. He's	really good	with the kids. '' She says Todd, whom she plans to marry	0	
's stepfather, Edgar Cranfill. You remember I talked about him. A	really bad	alcoholic. Arrested for exhibitionism one time. On our visits he'd either be	1	
a face.  #  '' I'll put something on it to make it taste	real good	. ''  #  She gasped and covered her face with her hands so she	0	
producing a remedy, I shall be vain enough to think I have done some	real good	. Should any person really find the correctness of it, I hope they	NA	
'' Playing teams like Oklahoma is good experience. I think we've got a	real good	ball club. I advise you all to go right out and buy your	1	
their dark, hungry sight. '' They're bad news, Bren.	Really bad	news. '' The one virtue of being half Apollite was her ability to spot	1	
far, research in animal behavior agrees with the neuroscience research on emotions. A	really good	study on whether animals have purely behavioral needs was done with gerbils. Gerbils	1	
had to dig for it. I'd send home to New York so some	really good	cello teacher? '' '' Teacher? '' '' Why, yes, and	1	
refuse to sell them the stuff as they all seemed so keen on getting something	really good	to read. One man kept on talking about Harold Bell Wright, but	0	
each case some pleasure is gained, and that pleasure is so far forth a	real good	. Let us be serious and fair with them all. The glutton's	NA	
choice! &nbsp; JONATHANPeople always have a choice. I thought we had somethin'	really good	goin'. I thought you really cared about me. &nbsp; SASHAI did	0	
problem finding work if I wanted it. The only thing I'd ever been	really good	at was running. I could run faster than anyone else on Washington Campus	0	
apparatus to do so. Also, Henry Pesch insists that a good is a	real good	only if it can be reached and subdued by man. We touch here	NA	
sure they would have, it would be soon over, and not do any	real good	. Forty dollars was a great deal of money. It would pay Mrs.	NA	
song for the priest. Now listen, Fada, one day if we're	really good	we'll give up the string games for a while and visit a big	0	
Crap. I wiped the drool off my cheek and tried to think of a	really good	explanation. '' I have narcolepsy. '' Thad Wilkins was maybe a couple	1	
marry you, '' he mumbled. '' Oh yeah, and you meant that	real good	and hard, didn't you? Sincere, that's you. Daniel	0	
a heck of a lot of answers as Christians, but we've got a	really good	story. And teenagers and the whole postmodern movement understand themselves in terms of	1	
Cause if I have to repeat myself, someone's going to get hurt	real bad	. (NARMER STANDS UP. SUN JUMPS IN FRONT OF HIM. HE MOVES	0	
'' Maura swallowed her mouthful of noodles, coughed and said, '' It's	really good	. And clever, how you had most of it in that cloth ball	0	
SHORTAGE in some popular models is feared by many dealers. '' It's a	real good	cleanup and we're concerned about having enough cars, '' says an Atlanta	1	
what my life's about '' (Vanessa Williams), '' when you feel	really good	with somebody '' (Al Green), '' a warm gun '' (	0	
She's got broken bones and a bad concussion. She's beat up	real bad	. There's rope burns on her neck like they tried to hang her.	0	
studied harder after leaving school than ever before and in a manner that did me	real good	. The most that can be said of what education I have is that	0	
to O'Rear's to see what Max was going to do. '' You sang	real good	, '' people called to Mildred when they drove up and in the next	0	
they reached the bottom, where they camped by a clear stream, the first	really good	waterp154they had seen since they left the Highlands. At nightfall, hearing distant	1	
and I ate all morning and early afternoon, and during practice it was	really bad	. Joe would step underneath me to take the snap and I would, uh	0	
few, just a few, and then destroy them after he had had a	really good	look. That seemed reasonable. He printed one, then another, and	1	
she knows did not recruit nature, but exhausted it. It did her no	real good	, either physically or morally, nor did she expect beforehand that it would	NA	
de corps counts for much. But it must be added that no service is	really good	that is not constantly w*tched and weeded. The tests of fitness can not	0	
, Max? '' '' Yes; and right good too. Mrs. Fox is	real good	and kind; but he's just awful! I tell you, Lu	0	
// '' When we took him back to Kentucky, I thought he had a	real good	chance along with Nashua and Summer Tan. I thought it was going to	1	
. '' '' Oh no, not a bit. Now will you be a	real good	Samaritan and help me a little, as I have no maid? You	1	
, '' he said with a how. '' Would you perhaps care for a	really good	dry martini? '' Wc said we would and, after the first sip	1	
kind that's practically falling apart. Like everywhere else in the world, the	real good	- hot '' merchandise? the fine radios and machinery? is bought up by	1	
New York and Jersey. &nbsp; ADAMOh --  -- 70 -- &nbsp; CAROLINEHe's a	real good	man, my stepfather. You should meet him sometime. He was on	1	
We've got about half a dozen so far, but if he has a	real good	one, I'd like to see it. '' '' I'll get	1	
I got this feeling Miss Saunders is gon na mess things up for me	real bad	.	0	
had a good chance at an athletic scholarship for college, since she was a	really good	athlete, and smart enough, and African American. She looked at Margalo	1	
which was late enough, and he'd fixed up what he thought was a	real good	excuse. But when he got home his wife didn't give him a	1	
everything I make for her, so she's all right. She's got a	real good	appetite, Jules, and a nurse told me that was a good sign	1	
Possibly. But there is not and never has been any such thing as a	really good	television season, and though this may be the absolute worst, that has	1	
I understand much anybody's got a right to think they won't have	real bad	trouble, if they go and look hard where they are certain sure to find	1	
and had to keep fighting back, '' he said. '' I played a	really good	third set, but I thought I played smart throughout the match. When	1	
What're you do-ing? '' '' Well, you got me at a	really bad	time. You see, I have these twin nineteen-year-old blondes over here, and	1	
will not be accepted as an antidote to suspicions generated by recent events. The	really good	companies must prepare themselves for a much more minute and more carefully-authenticated statement of	1	
excellent DEMONSTRATORS AND HOME SERVICE ADVISERS I1g chances of working her way up to a	really good	appointment.' - Finding Your job: Applications for positions with the Gas	1	
tag with him and his cousin, Janie Lou, the urges had gotten	really bad	, and I had stolen away behind Old Man Potter's barn and let loose	0	
.. Not disappointingpeople.... Free choice. Nothing else is any	real good	. What does the Gospel say: Whose service is perfect freedom?...	NA	
she goes, '' There he is! '' And I scream because it's	real good	to get found. And she stands up from her stool and puts down	0	
. Stumps (Choking.) No, I guess Boston people ain't	really bad	, but only cranky. They're cranks. But the good kind of cranks	0	
some papers in her hand. '' All that bending down and dust is	real bad	for me, but here it is, for what it's worth. I	0	
its chances of killing you were. Also he said he never knew a	really bad	waterman, and I could learn a lot by hanging around people that used the	1	
in July too, '' Petey responded. '' One time there was a	real bad	storm, and '' '' Shut up, Petey, '' C.B. growled irritably.	1	
have much money to buy the kid dolls or something. It made Joe feel	real good	. ALBERTA But it was your present to him. It was your face	0	
endears. Bousefield, he allowed, was proud, was difficult: nothing was	really good	enough for him but the middling good; but he himself was prepared for	0	
travel bureau operated by a business friend. He felt that he must have a	really good	excuse if he was to cancel the accommodations at such a late hour.	1	
Rebecca shook her head. '' I can't leave. She'd make	real bad	trouble. Besides, she pays me more than I'd get most places.	1	
em much,' cause it's shallower' n it's broad. A	real good	' system,' I' low, even if that everlastin' Sprigg	1	
. She laughs. They're playing with each other. &nbsp; SOFIEThat was	really bad	, wasn't it? &nbsp; MUMFORDDisgusting. &nbsp; SOFIEAnd I'll bet you can	0	
cool nerve, horsemanship, hardihood, endurance, and good eyesight make him a	really good	wilderness hunter. We have become genuinely attached to Cunninghame and Tarleton, and	1	
a bike, or jogging are your best bets. '' You want to get	really good	and sweaty first, to make sure your muscles are warm, '' says	0	
are many more like it throughout the country. One reason we have as many	really good	back-woods trails in as // many areas as we do is that, despite	1	
extended notice the New York Sun says: '' To readers who care for a	really good	detective story' The Circular Staircase' can be recommended without reservation. ''	1	
the king gave Joseph's papa a nice farm, an' they all had	real good	times after that. '' '' And they dipped the coat in the blood	1	
as she fanned herself. '' It's such a rare thing to meet a	really good	dancer out here. '' '' Such a partner would inspire anyone, ''	1	
mind me, '' she choked, after a minute. '' I liked it	real good	, only it kind of give me a turn. '' Then, after	0	
to the painful contrast of all other parts of the dress. A woman of	real good	taste and discretion, will strive to maintain a relative consistency between all departments	1	
smoothing back the tangled yellow curls. '' Yes, Mrs. Dempsey, I had	real good	luck to-night. Was all sold out long afore the other fellers, then	1	
thing  -- kind of an evolutionary throwback, they tell us. All I'm	really good	at is sensing danger. It only works when I concentrate on it --	0	
them, and big, tall papas who love them, and truly aunts,	real GOOD	aunts aren't the same. '' '' How about uncles? Are THEY	1	
a simple fact of life that everyone understood. '' And you've got some	really good	dick. Now, are you going to sit here and debate it,	1	
--  '' the admission came slowly after deep thought, '' She used to whistle	real good	, when the old man wasn't about. '' Felicia sat down on	0	
GINGER That's good. And we can't hear them either. That's	really good	. How do you do it? CLERK It's our business, Trudy	0	
was real simple, only four parts, and I got my hands around it	real good	and I was hitting the target in the basement of the social club every	0	
chance in the world of my getting a job on this planet. Or a	really good	job anywhere. '' He walked up to her, knelt beside her,	1	
calculated technique, I should achieve nothing. Take actors, for instance, the	really good	ones don't rely on mere technique. They also follow their feelings when	1	
the silver screen; I never was. Pretending is my business. I'm	real good	at it, too. But I don't mind telling you, Mr.	0	
I must never forget that no matter what he does or says, he's	really good	and he does love me. It was the beginning of a long and	0	
regard the earth, baby. And wherever her gaze did fall there was	real bad	doody goin' down. There was a sickly caste, a dread pigmentless,	1	
She never gives us so much as a hollyhock; and that caraway would be	real good	this hot morning, to say nothing of the currants. Hey, Mother	0	
ALBERTA That's nice. DEEDEE Joe can fix just about anything. He's	real good	with his hands. (Relaxing some now.) I've been saying	0	
You must stop a while. If your head begins to ache and gets	real bad	, of course you can go, but I don't see how you can	0	
ended, Hollywood had not exactly proved, even to itself, that it was	really good	in 1946. But it had proved that the Academy vote is nowadays reasonably	0	
lights their cigarettes.Sometimes after a day with the kid, and we're having a	really good	time, she'll get home and make dinner, then she'll fly	1	
I was afraid you were goin' to tell me he'd done something	really bad	, like gettin' drunk. '' Bear Joyner was no less adept than his	0	
drop seeping down into the ground. '' Mr Miller said magisterially, '' Not	really good	American oil, '' but no one paid attention, knowing that he was	1	
bones, '' Rokey said. '' And something's rattling them around inside me	real good	. '' '' I can feel my skull rattling around in my head if	0	
not! PARKER, MR. Then, I must say, that coffee smells	really good	! DANIELS, MRS. Oh yes, Mr Parker! You're not	0	
chinned himself. A happy feeling came in her because it was true they were	real good	friends. Also he was handsome. Tomorrowshe would borrow Hazel's blue necklace	1	
back into the lions' den, and Summer wasn't sure that was a	really good	idea. She was so worn out, she couldn't make up her	1	
figure too, I don't say! Yes, with a figure, a	really good	one, like Fanny Floyd-Taylor's, who's hideous, I'd have	1	
. As soon as Fanny appeared she began, '' Fan, you are a	real good	girl. I was pleased to hear you talk. Nobody but you could	1	
drown a skinny man like Thomas. '' She sighed heavily. '' I was	real good	to look at, back then. The men was like bees around a	0	
--  trying to compete with the speakeasies! I've always wanted to have a	really good	country inn -- good as any resort hotel in Europe. '' '' Then	1	
these were mentioned, Mrs. Baxter conceived the notion of sending yet another box of	really good	and nourishing food. '' Beans are prime for church suppers and Saturday nights	1	
. But now we' ve got three talking expansion, and that' s	real good	, '' says John Berthelot, the mayor of Gonzales and a former barber	0	
upon old standard books. I suspect that among the stay-at-homes a larger amount of	really good	, solid reading was done during the war than in the previous decade.	1	
people don't give away that kind of a coat for free. It was	real good	tweed, importedlike. Harris tweed, I think they call it. It	1	
If you're gon na bring in outsiders, you could be asking for	real bad	trouble. Now, is that a gamble you want to take? '' ''	1	
the basketball public and himself. // '' If I do well, it' s	really good	for me, '' Bill Wennington said. '' And if I do bad	0	
the hospital. The nurses, who liked to tease me about it, took	real good	care to keep it clean. I thought that even as they said they	1	
